{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Crazy?\u8221\'94 Catherine asked back, clearly unimpressed by his tone, "Do I look crazy to you?" }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes! You are!\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 }{Eddie groaned, running a hand through his hair. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re talking about stepping off the path in }{\f0\fs24\i1 this}{ forest. You know what they say about people who wander off." He gestured toward the surrounding trees, their towering forms like silent sentinels. "They don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come back, Catherine."}
\par\plain {Her expression hardened, but there was a flicker of something beneath it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 determination, maybe desperation. "I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come all this way to turn back now," she said firmly. "That artifact is out there, Eddie. The ruins aren\u8217\'92t far, and I won\u8217\'92t lose my chance to find it."}
\par\plain {Eddie glanced back toward Markus and Torrie, who were blissfully unaware of the conversation. The Eden Flowers cast their golden glow, serene and otherworldly, as if mocking the storm brewing in his chest.}
\par\plain {"You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re seriously going to risk it?" he asked, his voice quieter now, tinged with disbelief.}
\par\plain {Catherine folded the map, tucking it into her coat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pocket. "I am," she said simply. "You can stay here if you want. I understand if you\u8217\'92re too afraid to come with me."}
\par\plain {Her words stung, and Eddie clenched his jaw. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to admit that the thought of leaving the safety of the path terrified him, but the idea of letting her wander into danger alone was somehow worse.}
\par\plain {Before Eddie could say anything, Markus, who had been watching the exchange from a distance, stood up. His movements were slow, deliberate, as he dusted off his hands and adjusted the satchel of ingredients he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been collecting.}
\par\plain {"I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll go with her," Markus said, his voice calm but resolute.}
\par\plain {Both Eddie and Catherine turned to him in surprise.}
\par\plain {"What?" Eddie asked, blinking.}
\par\plain {Markus shrugged, stepping closer. "You clearly don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to go, and I get it. This place gives me the creeps too. But I\u8217\'92m not about to let Catherine go out there alone. Someone\u8217\'92s got to watch her back." }
\par\plain {Eddie hesitated, his heart twisting. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want Markus going out there either\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his best friend venturing into the dangers beyond the path felt just as reckless.}
\par\plain {"You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even know what\u8217\'92s out there," Eddie argued, his voice more desperate than he intended.}
\par\plain {Markus smirked. "Neither do you. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s kind of the point, isn\u8217\'92t it? But someone\u8217\'92s got to keep her out of trouble, and we both know I\u8217\'92m a better shot than you anyway."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Really? You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re bringing that out now?\u8221\'94 }{Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed.  \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve only been practicing on bottles in the backyard for, what, a month?"}
\par\plain {Markus shrugged, his grin turning impish. "Still a better track record than you. How many Streamwyrms have you missed back home? Six? Seven?"}
\par\plain {"Three," Eddie shot back defensively.}
\par\plain {"Sure," Markus said with exaggerated disbelief.}
\par\plain {Despite the tension in his chest, Eddie found himself chuckling. The absurdity of Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s humor had a way of cutting through even the most heated moments. Catherine, standing a few steps away, folded her arms and raised an eyebrow at the exchange, a faint hint of impatience flickering across her face.}
\par\plain {Markus extended a hand toward Eddie. "Come on, Ed. Hand it over. If I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m going into uncharted ruins with her, I\u8217\'92m going armed."}
\par\plain {Eddie hesitated, the weight of his flintlock rifle suddenly feeling heavier. His instincts told him to hold onto it, but Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unwavering gaze\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and the quiet determination behind his easygoing demeanor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 made him pause.}
\par\plain {Reluctantly, Eddie handed the rifle over, along with the satchel of metal balls and gunpowder. "Fine," he said, his voice tinged with resignation. "Just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 don\u8217\'92t waste all the ammo trying to hit trees, alright?"}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, Edward. I will not miss.\u8221\'94 Markus took the rifle with a small, triumphant smile, slinging the satchel over his shoulder. "In fact, our next batch of potions shall have dragon scales in them."}
\par\plain {Eddie chuckled, then watched as Markus turned to Catherine, who nodded her thanks. The two exchanged a brief glance of understanding, and then, without another word, they stepped off the safety of the Traveler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path.}
\par\plain {The golden glow of the Eden Flowers illuminated their retreating figures for only a few paces before the dense forest swallowed them. The faint crunch of their boots against the underbrush grew quieter, until it was lost entirely to the eerie silence of the Heart of the Deep Glaive.}
\par\plain {Eddie stood motionless, his hands now empty, the weight of what had just happened settling over him like a heavy cloak. Torrie, oblivious to the gravity of the situation, was still playing with her flower crown a few paces away.}
\par\plain {For a long moment, Eddie stared after them, a deep unease gnawing at his stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 What if they don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t come back?}
\par\plain {He shook the thought away, but it lingered at the edges of his mind like a shadow.}}