{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie and Madeleine walked deeper into the Sanctuary, the mood began to shift. Near the front, sunlight still touched the fences and grassy paths, where Sanctuary members were leading tours for wide-eyed elementary-aged students in matching cloaks. A small group clustered near a gentle, antlered beast with scales like polished stone, giggling as it bowed to let them pet its snout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Farther along, two caretakers were gently helping an older couple onto the back of a large, feathery creature. It had the wide, watchful eyes of an owl, a powerful bear-like body covered in dappled down, and tucked at its sides\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 massive, elegant wings folded like cloaks. The creature gave a low, soothing hoot as it crouched to let the riders on, its claws curling into the grass with surprising care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It moved with the softness of snowfall, each step deliberate, like it was trying not to startle the breeze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine nudged him.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a nightmare after all, hm?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I guess so.\u8221\'94 Eddie said, but his eyes stayed on the retreating wings.\~\u8220\'93But I didn\u8217\'92t think Professor Hudson for the type to volunteer here,\u8221\'94\~he said abruptly.\~\u8220\'93That man acts like he\u8217\'92d sanitize his hands after petting a puppy or something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s head of the Sanctuary\u8217\'92s research program. Has been for years.\u8221\'94\~Her voice was measured, the way she explained things to spooked animals\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 gentle but firm.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His connections at the university and the Alchemy Ingredients Warehouse keep our supplies stocked.\u8221\'94 She continued, \u8220\'93Without him, half the creatures here wouldn\u8217\'92t get their specialized tonics in time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie snorted.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but does he actually\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 like}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~them? Or are they just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know, test subjects for him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She laughed,\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I took his Botanical Alchemy course this year. He\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 meticulous. But people aren\u8217\'92t just one thing, Edward.\u8221\'94\~A pause, her gaze drifting toward the Back Range.\~\u8220\'93The man who lectures on \u8216\'91precision over passion\u8217\'92 also hand-feeds sugar cubes to the hippogriffs when he thinks no one\u8217\'92s looking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie raised an eyebrow.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re telling me }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that man }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 has a hidden side we don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m telling you,\u8221\'94\~she said, turning to lead him down the path,\~\u8220\'93That no one is as it seems.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they walked deeper into the sanctuary, the cheerful sounds began to fade, replaced by the hush of thickening woods. The trees here grew denser, the canopy forming a living roof that swallowed the sun. The air turned cooler, stiller, and more humid. Eddie noticed the path narrowing as vines and moss crept along the edges, and the sound of their footfalls became muffled on the leafy ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine glanced back at him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is part of the containment,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93The trees are grown close on purpose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 enchanted and cultivated this way. Nothing with wings can take off easily in here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As in\u8230\'85 this forest is acting as its cage?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A forest as a safety net,\u8221\'94 Madeleine corrected gently. \u8220\'93A soft one. The creatures don\u8217\'92t feel trapped, but it keeps everyone safe. Including the creatures.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They finally stepped into the Back Range, marked by a simple wooden arch wrapped in glowing vines. The shadows here were thick, and the only light came from hanging lanterns and fruits that glowed softly like moonlight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 violet, blue, and faintly golden.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many of the enclosures were hidden by dark fabrics or veils of moss. Muffled growls and low, thudding breaths rumbled from behind them, unseen but deeply felt. One enclosure bore claw marks on the bark of the trees surrounding it, but no sign of the creature inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression grew somber. \u8220\'93These ones are all recovering,\u8221\'94 she said softly. \u8220\'93Most of them were pulled from military use. Trained, abused, pushed past their limits. They weren\u8217\'92t made for war\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but they were used like weapons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked around, his gaze flicking from veil to lantern to the faint glow of eyes peering through a curtain of vines. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So they\u8217\'92re injured?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Body and spirit,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Some are still too aggressive to be handled. Others\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She paused. \u8220\'93Others just need someone to sit near them and remind them they\u8217\'92re not tools.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The silence that followed was heavier than before. Around them, the woods seemed to watch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And as they moved forward, Eddie began to see more of the creatures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 strange, otherworldly, and awe-inspiring. A towering quadruped with armor-like plates over its shoulders huffed in its sleep. A translucent, almost ghostly winged cat with double pupils crept along the high branches. A half-curled serpent with burning red eyes followed them with its gaze from behind a thick enchanted net.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie gripped his crutch tighter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remind me again why we\u8217\'92re walking }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 towards}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the terrifying creatures?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because you need to see one of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She led Eddie off the path, up a wooden ramp that creaked under their feet, toward one of the enclosed indoor glass sanctuaries tucked between the thick roots of the forest. The structure was built into the trees, its windows fogged and dark, blending into the woodland like a secret hidden in plain sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air inside was cool and still, carrying the metallic tang of blood and the faint, sharp scent of ozone. The cheerful sounds of the front range were gone, replaced by a deep, resonant silence broken only by the sound of their own footsteps and the occasional low, guttural breath from behind the glass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They walked past the first enclosure. A plaque of polished brass was bolted to the frame.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Calderan Wyvern \endash  }{\f3\fs24\b1\i1 Draco Minor Caldarea}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Status: Rehabilitating. Warning: Corrosive Spittle. Do not approach glass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Through the murky pane, Eddie could see a serpentine shape coiled in the shadows, its scales shimmering like oil on water. A low hiss, like steam from a cracked pipe, followed them as they passed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next plaque read:}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Ridgeback Manticore \endash  }{\f3\fs24\b1\i1 Manticora Spina}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Status: Highly Aggressive. Warning: Auditory Lures in Use. Maintain Silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A pair of intelligent, cruel eyes tracked them from the darkness within. Eddie felt a prickle on his skin, a primal instinct screaming at him that he was being sized up as prey. He quickened his pace, his crutch thudding heavily on the wooden boards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They passed another\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an Obsidian Basilisk, its petrifying gaze neutralized by the enchanted glass, according to the plaque. Then a cage that housed a creature so massive, all Eddie could see was a wall of thick, grey hide pressed against the window, rising and falling with each thunderous breath. Each enclosure held a monster from a nightmare, a creature of immense power, barely contained.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, they reached the end of the walkway. The final enclosure was set apart from the others. It was smaller, starker, and reinforced with bands of cold, black iron etched with glowing containment runes. The air here was frigid, and a profound silence emanated from it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not the quiet of a sleeping predator, but the absolute stillness of a tomb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine stopped, her expression grim. She didn't have to point. Eddie's eyes were already fixed on the plaque. The lettering was simpler, less scientific. It was a label born of fear, not study.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 The Spike Man \endash  }{\f3\fs24\b1\i1 Chimaera}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught. He remembered Madeleine\u8217\'92s story\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the creature found outside the city, mangled and wrong. He looked past the plaque, into the enclosure, expecting to see a taxidermied body, a skeleton, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 something}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The enclosure was empty. A stark, sterile, stone-floored cell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, not sterile. Eddie leaned closer, his hand instinctively going to the glass, which was ice-cold to the touch. The stone walls, the floor, even the reinforced ceiling\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they were utterly shredded. Thousands upon thousands of claw marks gouged the surfaces, overlapping in a chaotic frenzy. The marks were deep, frantic, etched with a desperation so palpable it seemed to echo in the silence. This wasn't just an enclosure; it was a torture chamber. This creature hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just lived here; it had spent every waking moment trying to tear its way out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I thought you said it died," Eddie whispered, his voice hoarse. He couldn't tear his eyes away from the sheer violence carved into the stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It did," Madeleine said softly, her voice tight with a sorrow so deep it seemed to chill the air further. "It screamed for a whole night. And then it just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 stopped. This is where we kept it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stared into the empty, ravaged cell. The violence of the claw marks told a story of unimaginable pain. The silence pressed in on him, heavy with the ghost of that final scream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8230\'85 what did it look like?\u8221\'94 he finally asked, his voice barely a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine let out a long, slow sigh, as if the question itself was a physical weight. She seemed reluctant, not wanting to revisit the memory, but she reached for the small leather satchel at her hip anyway. With deliberate movements, she unbuckled it and pulled out a thick, leather-bound journal. The cover was worn smooth at the edges from years of use.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She opened it, and Eddie saw pages filled with immaculate handwriting, detailed anatomical sketches, and carefully pressed specimens. As she flipped through, he caught glimpses of a gryphon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wing diagram, notes on the migratory patterns of hippogriffs, and a shimmering, translucent scale taped to a page labeled }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Sea Serpent}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Each entry was a testament to a lifetime of fascination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, she stopped. The page she landed on was different. It was chaotic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her usually neat handwriting was jagged, filled with more questions than answers. Lines were crossed out. Margins were filled with frantic queries: }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Necromantic origin? Alchemical mutation? Inconsistent biology? Forced cross-breeding?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  In the top corner, under "Classification," a list of names had been aggressively struck through\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Undead}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Aberration}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Revenant}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 before she had finally, uncertainly, circled the word: }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Chimaera}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But it was the photograph that held Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a stamped polaroid, slightly faded, showing the creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s corpse laid out on a steel table. It looked like a painfully thin man, so gaunt its ribs were starkly visible beneath pale, stretched skin. Its arms were unnaturally long, ending in sharp, black talons. And from its spine and the back of its skull erupted a dense crown of sharp, black spikes, like those of a monstrous hedgehog. It was a horrifying fusion of humanoid and something else entirely. The "Spike Man."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was quiet, tense. \u8220\'93Is this what attacked you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie leaned closer, his eyes tracing the grotesque silhouette in the photograph. He remembered the thing in the courtyard\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the way it moved on all fours, the unnatural length of its limbs, the face that wasn't right. He compared that memory to the tragic figure in the photo. They were both wrong, both twisted mockeries of life. But they weren't the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He took a slow, shaky breath, the chilling realization dawning on him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he said, his voice low and full of a new kind of dread. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s pretty close.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The weight of his words hung in the frigid air between them. Not just one monster. An entirely different one. The implications settled, cold and sharp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine snapped the journal shut, the sound echoing in the silent corridor. The strength that had held her upright seemed to drain away all at once. She took a half-stumbling step back, her hand finding the wall for support before she sank onto a simple wooden bench not far from the enclosure, her shoulders slumping.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She buried her face in her hands for a moment, her breath trembling. When she looked up, her eyes were wide with a retroactive terror.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank goodness you\u8217\'92re alive, Edward\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she said, her voice shaking. She glanced back at the scarred walls of the empty cell. \u8220\'93That thing\u8230\'85 the Spike Man\u8230\'85 the sounds it made, the way it threw itself against the walls\u8230\'85 If what you fought was anything like that\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She trailed off, unable to finish the thought, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re really lucky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked from the horrifying enclosure to Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shaken form. The fear was a cold knot in his own stomach, but seeing hers fanned the embers of his anger into a steady flame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why we have to do something about it,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice firm. He took a step closer to the bench. \u8220\'93Madeleine, there are two of them that we know of. God knows how many more are out there. We can\u8217\'92t just wait for another one to show up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But what can we do?\u8221\'94 she countered, her voice laced with weary defeat. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been trying to find answers since this specimen arrived. I\u8217\'92ve spent months in the archives, cross-referencing restricted texts, running every alchemical trace I could think of. All it gave me was more questions. No history, no known point of origin\u8230\'85 It\u8217\'92s a dead end, Eddie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He listened, his gaze fixed on the empty cell. A dead end. Maybe for a scientist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re looking at it from the wrong angle,\u8221\'94 he said quietly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked up, frowning. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re treating it like a puzzle,\u8221\'94 he explained, turning to face her fully. \u8220\'93Something to be identified and classified. Something to be studied. You are asking }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 what}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  created them. But this isn't a natural phenomenon, Madeleine. This is a crime.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 He gestured toward the claw marks. \u8220\'93The question you should be asking is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 who }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 created them.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine went silent, her expression shifting from tired frustration to startled focus. The idea hung in the air, simple and yet paradigm-shifting. All her research, all her expertise, was focused on the creature. She had never truly focused on the creator.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stared at him for a long moment, a new, dangerous light dawning in her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you suggesting,\u8221\'94 she said slowly, her voice regaining its strength, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to search for the creator of this\u8230\'85 thing?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a long moment, Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer. The sheer audacity of it seemed to settle on him, pushing him down. His gaze dropped from Madeleine\u8217\'92s face to the scratched-up floor of the empty enclosure, then to the worn handle of his crutch. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was just a student. A first-year with one strike away from expulsion. Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s angry warning echoed in his mind, a stark reminder of how much he stood to lose. Every rational thought told him to walk away, to mind his own business, to forget he\u8217\'92d ever seen the things that stalked the campus after dark. Doubt clouded his features, making him look younger, more vulnerable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He met Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s waiting gaze. The doubt in his own eyes hardened, replaced by a cold, clear certainty. His grip tightened on his crutch, not for support, but like he was holding a weapon.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie said, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I will.\u8221\'94}}