{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie pushed open the familiar creaking door of his dorm room, the weight of the day clinging to him like a shroud. Stepping inside, he was greeted by the soft snores emanating from Will's side of the room. A sliver of a smile touched Eddie's lips \endash  for once, obliviousness seemed a blessing.}
\par\plain {He knew Will would understand the need for Eddie to have some quiet time, some space to steel himself for the trials that awaited them. With a sigh, Eddie moved towards his desk, the worn leather surface a familiar anchor in the storm of emotions brewing within him.}
\par\plain {Reaching for his bag, a worn canvas holdall that had seen its fair share of adventures, Eddie unzipped it with a practiced ease. Inside lay the tools of his former trade \endash  the vials, the herbs, the arcane scribblings that spoke of a life he could no longer fully embrace. The magic that once flowed through his veins was now a distant memory, a bittersweet echo of his past.}
\par\plain {But even without magic, Eddie wasn't powerless. He rummaged through the bag, his fingers brushing against the smooth surface of his jade ring, a potent symbol of his heritage. It wouldn't grant him spells or bend the elements to his will, but it held a potent alchemical concoction, a last gift from his mentor, Catherine Angelina. A failsafe, a desperate measure for a desperate time.}
\par\plain {Beside the ring lay his trusty Airpen wand, a relic from a bygone era. It wouldn't cast spells anymore, but its craftsmanship was undeniable, a testament to a time when magic and alchemy intertwined. It was a symbol, a reminder of the ingenuity that resided within him, the spark of innovation that refused to be extinguished.}
\par\plain {With a resolute breath, Eddie set about his task. The room, bathed in the soft amber glow of a desk lamp, became his sanctuary. The rhythmic gurgle of the cauldron on the low heat filled the air with a comforting aroma, a stark contrast to the turmoil within him. Around him, vials of shimmering liquids, each a testament to his alchemical knowledge, gleamed in the dim light.}
\par\plain {He worked with practiced efficiency, his movements honed by years of experimentation under Catherine's tutelage. Each vial, each pouch filled with carefully chosen herbs, was a testament to his dedication, his unwavering determination to protect those he cared about. A vial of shimmering blue promised enhanced night vision, while another, a thick green concoction, offered a temporary barrier against physical harm.}
\par\plain {A sense of grim satisfaction settled over him as he surveyed his work. These concoctions wouldn't grant him the raw power of a mage, but they were his tools, his equalizer in the face of the magic-wielding Black Hand. They were a testament to his ingenuity, a promise to fight, a vow to bring Ashley and the others home.}
\par\plain {Across the room, Will slumbered peacefully, his breathing a steady counterpoint to the storm brewing within Eddie. A pang of envy, a flicker of longing for the innocence of sleep, washed over him. But it was a fleeting emotion, quickly extinguished by the burning resolve in his chest. He would face whatever darkness awaited them, with or without magic. He would be their shield, their protector, a silent guardian in a world filled with chaos.}
\par\plain {With a final check of his supplies, Eddie secured them in a leather satchel and bandolier, making sure they were readily accessible. A cloak of determination settled on his shoulders, replacing the cloak of sorrow that had threatened to consume him. He would fight. He would protect. He would bring Ashley back.}
\par\plain {With one last glance at Will's sleeping form, Eddie extinguished the lamp, plunging the room into darkness. Only the faint embers of the dying cauldron cast an ethereal glow. He lay down on his bed, the satchel within arm's reach, a silent sentinel against the encroaching night. The room, now a cocoon of anticipation and resolve, awaited the coming dawn, the start of their perilous journey into the darkness of the Undercity.}
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain {The weak morning light, struggling to pierce through dust-coated windows, illuminated the cluttered room. The remnants of a frantic night \endash  empty vials, scattered notes, and the lingering scent of exotic herbs \endash  painted a picture of hurried preparations. Sprawled across his bed, fully clothed but deeply asleep, lay Eddie. Outside, the rumble of an engine hinted at the wait that had begun. It was Will's task to rouse his friend from his slumber.}
\par\plain {Creaking open the door, Will found Eddie in a state of blissful oblivion. A gentle "Hey, Ed," escaped his lips, followed by a nudge that elicited no response. With a hint of amusement, Will escalated his efforts, giving Eddie a light shake.}
\par\plain {"Ed? Eddie! Wake up, dude!" he whispered urgently.}
\par\plain {A mumbled groan was the only reply at first, but then, eyelids fluttered open, revealing bleary blue eyes. Disorientation lingered for a moment before a flicker of recognition ignited in Eddie's gaze.}
\par\plain {"Huh? What time is it?" he mumbled, his voice thick with sleep.}
\par\plain {Will glanced at his watch, the urgency in his voice tempered by a touch of understanding. "It's almost go-time. You totally crashed, man."}
\par\plain {Eddie bolted upright, sending a clatter of empty vials cascading to the floor. A panicked look washed over his face as his gaze darted to the clock on his desk. "Crap! You're right, I'm late! I'm so sorry. I was up all night with the concoction!"}
\par\plain {Will chuckled softly. "Yeah, we figured as much." He watched with amusement as Eddie scrambled to gather his scattered tools and potions, stuffing them haphazardly into his satchel and bandolier.}
\par\plain {"No biggie, dude, relax! We just need to roll out," Will reassured him.}
\par\plain {"I didn't mean to make everyone wait," Eddie mumbled apologetically, shoving a vial into his bandolier with more force than necessary.}
\par\plain {"Hey, no sweat. We all get it. We all know how important your work is," Will said, leaning casually against the doorframe. "But you also need to take care of yourself. We need you in top form today."}
\par\plain {A sheepish grin spread across Eddie's face. "Yeah, you're right." With a sigh of finality, he zipped up his satchel and slung the bandolier across his chest. "Just give me a sec to freshen up and grab my gear."}
\par\plain {"You know what? Take your time," Will surprised him. "I'll wait here with you."}
\par\plain {Eddie's eyebrows shot up. "Really? What about the others?"}
\par\plain {Will shrugged nonchalantly. "They can wait a bit longer. We're not going without you, man. Besides, we need you and your concoctions. You're the brains of this operation."}
\par\plain {A warmth bloomed in Eddie's chest. "Alright then," he said, a grateful smile playing on his lips. "Thanks, Will. I appreciate it."}
\par\plain {The early morning light, a pale sliver pushing through the grimy windows of Dorm 7, illuminated the worn stone steps as Eddie and Will descended. The air, crisp and cool, held the quiet promise of a new day, a stark contrast to the turmoil brewing within them.}
\par\plain {As they walked, a shared, nervous energy crackled between them. It wasn't fear, exactly, but a tense anticipation that tightened Eddie's throat and made Will tap his foot incessantly.}
\par\plain {"Remember the first time we pulled something crazy like this?" Will asked, a nostalgic grin tugging at the corner of his lips. "Sneaking into the restricted section of the library? Feels like a lifetime ago."}
\par\plain {Eddie chuckled, the sound laced with a hint of disbelief. "Yeah, we thought we were so clever. Then, of course, there was Madeleine and Claire, ready to bust us flat."}
\par\plain {"That's when we met her," Will said, a playful glint in his eyes. "Crazy how things work out, huh?"}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded, a silent smile gracing his features. "Yeah," he agreed, the word heavy with unspoken emotions. Who knew that getting caught, red-handed and sheepish, would lead to the bond they shared now?}
\par\plain {Will nudged him playfully. "And I think it went a little deeper than just friends for you, buddy!"}
\par\plain {Eddie stumbled back, a blush creeping up his neck. "What? No, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I mean, she's just a good friend."}
\par\plain {Will chuckled, clearly enjoying his friend's flustered state. "Sure, sure. You're blushing, dude! Look at your face!"}
\par\plain {Eddie, defensive but unable to fully contain his smile, countered, "I'm not! Besides, we have bigger fish to fry right now! Come on, dude, seriously!"}
\par\plain {"Alright, alright," Will said, surrendering with a laugh, "I'll let it slide\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 for now." He couldn't resist adding one final jab. "So, what's with all the vials and that fancy cloak?"}
\par\plain {Eddie shifted his bandolier, the weight of his preparations a comforting reminder of his role. "Well, these vials," he explained, gesturing to the satchel strapped across his chest, "might come in handy during the raid. You never know when you might need a quick boost or a healing potion. And this cloak?" He twirled the garment, revealing the dark underside that contrasted with the maroon university colors on the outside. "Remember Ashley and her midnight escapades? She always managed to disappear into the shadows with that witch cloak of hers. I figured it might help me blend in and keep my gear hidden."}
\par\plain {Will whistled in appreciation. "Makes sense. Plus, you look kinda cool. Like a real alchemist, straight out of those old adventure stories."}
\par\plain {"Thanks, Will," Eddie said, a genuine smile warming his face. "We need every edge we can get."}
\par\plain {They reached the bottom of the staircase and emerged into the crisp morning air. A sigh of relief rippled through the group as they spotted Eddie and Will approaching the waiting car. Henry's restored vintage car, gleaming in the weak sunlight, served as their chariot into the unknown. The open door revealed Henry himself at the wheel, Jake and Jane occupying the middle seat, and a few other students crammed into the back. The atmosphere shifted, a shared determination settling over them like a cloak, as they prepared to head towards their destination \endash  a daring raid into the heart of the Black Hand's lair. }}