{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The morning air was cool and crisp as Eddie, Will, Ashley, Henry, Jake, Jane, and Catherine stood in front of the Cerberus Tavern. The barman was assisting Tiara with her armor, his movements precise and practiced, like a squire aiding a knight.}
\par\plain {Eddie and the others watched in silent awe, the clinking of metal and the careful buckling of straps filling the air. None of them had ever seen someone donning armor before, and the sight was mesmerizing. Tiara stood tall and steady as the barman secured each piece, her presence commanding but calm. The gleaming silver of her armor, polished to a mirror-like finish, caught the morning light. Her twin maces, symbols of her formidable strength, rested against the nearby wall, waiting to be wielded.}
\par\plain {When the barman finished, Tiara reached for her maces, sliding them into place on her hips with practiced ease. Then, with a flourish, she draped a dark, earthy-brown cloak over her shoulders, the fabric flowing down and partially obscuring her armor. The heavy, utilitarian look of the cloak contrasted with the elegance of her polished gear.}
\par\plain {She turned to the group, her gaze steady but not unkind. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll all need cloaks,\u8221\'94 she said, gesturing toward a pile the barman had brought out. \u8220\'93Down in the Underground, anonymity is survival. The fewer eyes recognize you, the safer you\u8217\'92ll be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie reached for a cloak, the material coarse but warm, and threw it over his shoulders, fastening it at the front. The others followed suit, some adjusting their hoods to obscure their features.}
\par\plain {Tiara\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sharp gaze then shifted to Catherine. \u8220\'93Especially you, Cathy,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone firm but carrying a hint of teasing. \u8220\'93Not to be discriminatory, but those pointed ears of yours will set people off. Elves don\u8217\'92t have the best reputation down there, and I\u8217\'92d rather not start a riot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face twisted into an exaggerated pout, her usual playful demeanor surfacing. \u8220\'93Oh, I see how it is. Discrimination against elves, is it? Why, Tiara, I expected better from you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Tiara rolled her eyes, her voice dripping with dry sarcasm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cathy, I\u8217\'92m a werewolf. Trust me, I\u8217\'92ve had it far worse than you\u8217\'92ll ever know. People in the Underground love to hate something. You\u8217\'92ll survive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The group chuckled softly, the moment of levity cutting through the tension of the morning. Even Catherine couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but grin as she adjusted her cloak, pulling the hood up over her silvery hair and pointed ears.}
\par\plain {Henry glanced nervously at his car, already filled to capacity with his dorm mates and Catherine. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t think there\u8217\'92s any room left. I mean, it\u8217\'92s cramped already, and with\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 His eyes darted toward Tiara, who stood tall and imposing in her armor. \u8220\'93How\u8217\'92s she supposed to fit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Tiara crossed her arms, her brow raised slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can fit just fine,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice calm yet with an edge of amusement.}
\par\plain {Will, ever the diplomat, cleared his throat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean no offense, Lady Tiara,\u8221\'94 he said carefully, \u8220\'93but, um, you\u8217\'92re\u8230\'85 uh\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He gestured vaguely at her size and armor. \u8220\'93And the car is\u8230\'85 small.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A grin tugged at the corner of Tiara\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips. \u8220\'93Relax,\u8221\'94 she said, pulling her hood further over her head. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Before anyone could respond, her form began to shift. Her already impressive stature seemed to shrink as her limbs morphed, her cloak flowing around her like liquid shadow. Within moments, Tiara was no longer standing before them as a tall, armored warrior but as a sleek, normal-looking wolf. Her fur was a deep gray, speckled with darker streaks, and her golden eyes gleamed with intelligence.}
\par\plain {The group stared, mouths agape. Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw dropped, Ashley gasped, and Jake let out an incredulous laugh. \u8220\'93No way,\u8221\'94 Jake whispered. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 awesome.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine, however, wasted no time. She crouched beside Tiara, her eyes lighting up with childlike delight. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my gods, you\u8217\'92re so fluffy!\u8221\'94 she exclaimed, immediately reaching out to pat Tiara\u8217\'92s head and scratch behind her ears. \u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s a good\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Before she could finish, Tiara barked sharply and growled, her ears flattening. The sound was a clear warning, and Catherine recoiled slightly, her playful grin replaced with an exaggerated pout. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aw, come on, Tia! You\u8217\'92re adorable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Tiara huffed, her golden eyes narrowing in a way that seemed to say, }{\f0\fs24\i1 I am not a household dog.}
\par\plain {Eddie, meanwhile, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t suppress a laugh. \u8220\'93Catherine, I think she\u8217\'92s trying to remind you she\u8217\'92s still the Captain of the Royal Paladins.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine sighed dramatically, standing up and dusting her hands. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine, fine, no head pats. But you can\u8217\'92t blame me for trying. You\u8217\'92re so cute like this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Tiara growled softly again but padded over to the car, her movements graceful and efficient. She hopped into the trunk area, curling up neatly, her tail wrapping around her body. Despite the tight space, she fit perfectly, proving her point without needing to say a word.}
\par\plain {Henry scratched the back of his head, still processing what he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just seen. \u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85 that works, I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie climbed into the car, shaking his head with a smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remind me never to underestimate her again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {As the group settled in and the car started down the road, Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but glance back at Tiara in her wolf form, her sharp eyes scanning the surroundings even as she appeared to rest. She wasn\u8217\'92t just a fighter; she was something far more extraordinary. }}