{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The party had made significant progress along the Traveller\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path. Markus had filled his and Eddie\u8217\'92s bags with various alchemical ingredients. Dried herbs, rare roots, and shimmering mushrooms would fetch a high price in the market. Torrie, her eyes shining with triumph. Had found a jar filled with delicate pixies flitting about in a small, iridescent cloud. The tiny creatures looked at their captors, their faint light casting whimsical patterns on the jar\u8217\'92s glass.}
\par\plain {They had reached a clearing amidst the path, a small open area where the forest seemed to hold its breath. Catherine stood at the edge of the clearing, her eyes scanning the dense foliage beyond the path. She looked determined, her staff held in one hand, its crystal glinting in the low light.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92ve found what I needed for now,\u8221\'94 Catherine said. Her voice carries a blend of satisfaction and intrigue. Her eyes sparkled as she glanced toward the winding path ahead. \u8220\'93But there\u8217\'92s something else\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a piece of history I must retrieve. If I\u8217\'92m reading the map correctly, the ArtefactArtefact should be just beyond that ridge.\u8221\'94 She paused, a flicker of excitement crossing her face. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not every day you get to trace the footsteps of the Nine Sages themselves. This could be... monumental.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Markus glanced nervously at the dark expanse beyond the glowing flowers of the Traveller\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path. \u8220\'93Catherine, I don\u8217\'92t think going outside the path\u8217\'92s a good idea. I\u8217\'92ve heard the forest can be dangerous and risky even for well-prepared people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie nodded, her face reflecting concern. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, Catherine, it\u8217\'92s not worth the risk. We\u8217\'92ve already gathered so much here. Maybe we should just head back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine shook her head, her expression firm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand your concerns, but this ArtefactArtefact isn\u8217\'92t just another trinket for my collection. It\u8217\'92s the cornerstone of my research, and with the deal I\u8217\'92ve struck, walking away now isn\u8217\'92t an option. Opportunities like this don\u8217\'92t come twice. I can\u8217\'92t let it slip through my fingers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie, who had been silently observing the exchange, spoke up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Markus, you\u8217\'92re the only one here who can help Catherine if something goes wrong. You\u8217\'92re magically gifted; you can protect yourselves better than the rest of us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Markus hesitated. Glancing from Eddie to Catherine, then back to the darkness beyond the path. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s dangerous out there. I... I\u8217\'92m not sure I\u8217\'92m ready for this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie sighed, gripping the flintlock rifle slung over his shoulder before unslinging it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I get it. None of us want to do this, but if anyone can handle it, it\u8217\'92s you. You\u8217\'92ve got the talent, and Catherine needs this artefact. It\u8217\'92s worth the risk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He held the rifle to Markus, the polished wood glinting faintly in the dim light. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take this. You might need it more than I will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Markus blinked in surprise, glancing at the rifle and then back at Eddie. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you serious?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded, his expression uncharacteristically grim. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not just for show. Do you know how to use it? Do you remember the times we practised with Alfred? You\u8217\'92ll be glad you have it if anything happens out there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed slightly as she studied Eddie. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not coming?\u8221\'94 she asked, curious in her voice.}
\par\plain {Eddie looked away, scratching the back of his neck. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d just slow you down,\u8221\'94 he said quickly, avoiding her gaze. \u8220\'93Besides, Markus is better equipped for this sort of thing. I\u8217\'92ll stay here with Torrie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Markus sighed, clearly torn. He glanced at Catherine, who looked at him with a mixture of hope and anxiety. Finally, he nodded, though his reluctance was evident. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, I\u8217\'92ll go with you. But only because it seems important.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face brightened with relief. \u8220\'93Thank you, Markus. I promise we\u8217\'92ll be cautious.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie watched as Catherine and Markus prepared to leave. Catherine adjusting her staff. The tension in the air was palpable, and Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but feel a pang of concern. He knew the risks involved and hoped their decision to split up wouldn\u8217\'92t lead to unforeseen trouble.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be careful out there, yeah, Markus?\u8221\'94 Eddie said, his voice carrying a hint of unspoken worry.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We will,\u8221\'94 Catherine assured him, giving him a warm, albeit slightly strained, smile. \u8220\'93And we\u8217\'92ll be back as soon as we can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine and Markus stepped beyond the glowing barrier of Illuminas. The contrast between the safety of the Traveler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path and the dark forest beyond became palpable. The air seemed to grow colder, and the soft glow of the flowers behind them grew dimmer as they moved further into the unknown.}
\par\plain {Eddie turned to Torrie, who was still holding her jar of pixies. Her excitement was dimmed by her aunt's worry. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s stay put for now. We\u8217\'92ll give them some time and make sure everything\u8217\'92s alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie nodded, though her eyes flicked toward the darkened edge of the forest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just hope they come back soon. The forest... it feels different now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie glanced back toward the path. His own feelings are a mix of apprehension and resignation. He had promised himself not to use magic. But as he watched Catherine and Markus disappear into the darkness. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but wonder if things might have been different if he had chosen another path.}
\par\plain {All he could do now was wait and hope for their safe return. }}