{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The soft, golden light of the desk lamp pooled across the wooden floorboards, casting faint shadows over the chalk-drawn ritual circle. Ashley leaned forward, her brow furrowed in concentration as she added the finishing touches to the intricate runes. Around her, notes and scrapped parchment lay scattered, their inked diagrams and crossed-out calculations a testament to the hours they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d already spent preparing.}
\par\plain {Eddie sat cross-legged on the floor, a mug of black coffee nestled between his hands. His silver hair fell in messy tufts over his face, but his jade green eyes gleamed with determination. He glanced at the rune patterns, his mind racing to double-check Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve memorized the flow charts for the harmonization pathways, right?\u8221\'94 Will asked, sprawled on his stomach nearby, a half-empty can of energy drink beside him. His guitar, a bard\u8217\'92s trusty companion, leaned against the wall, unused but ready if inspiration struck.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got them,\u8221\'94 Eddie said with a firm nod. He set his coffee aside, pulling a fresh sheet of parchment toward him. With quick, deliberate strokes, he scribbled a new set of notes, cross-referencing them against one of Ashley\u8217\'92s diagrams.}
\par\plain {Ashley, kneeling in the circle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s center, paused to roll her shoulders and flex her fingers. Her steaming tea, untouched for the past hour, sat beside a small stack of rune papers marked with smudged chalk dust. \u8220\'93Are you sure you want to do this, Ed?\u8221\'94 she asked, her voice laced with concern as she glanced up at him.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure,\u8221\'94 Eddie replied without hesitation. His tone left no room for argument.}
\par\plain {Ashley exchanged a glance with Will. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 she said finally, brushing her hair out of her face and gripping her chalk firmly. \u8220\'93Then let\u8217\'92s make sure this circle is flawless. We only get one shot at harmonization.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The three of them worked in synchronized chaos, each focused on their tasks but remaining keenly aware of the others. Eddie reviewed the stabilization patterns, muttering to himself as he adjusted calculations. Will practiced humming a resonance tune, his bardic instincts invaluable for balancing the mana harmonics. Meanwhile, Ashley inspected every line and rune in the circle, her fingers smudging here and there as she corrected imperfections.}
\par\plain {The room buzzed with a quiet intensity. Outside, the night was still, the faint hum of the magical wards around the dormitory faintly audible in the silence. Inside, the comforting scents of lavender candles mingled with the earthy aroma of chalk and parchment.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, that\u8217\'92s the last sigil,\u8221\'94 Ashley announced, sitting back on her heels and wiping her hands on her skirt. Her cheeks were dusted with chalk, her eyes bright with focus.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks good to me,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, sliding his notes aside and leaning in to inspect her work. He could feel the faint pull of magic emanating from the circle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a gentle hum that resonated in his chest.}
\par\plain {Will took a swig of his energy drink, then clapped Eddie on the shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No pressure, mate, but if this doesn\u8217\'92t work, you might spontaneously combust or something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks, Will. Really calming,\u8221\'94 Eddie replied dryly, though his lips twitched into a small smile.}
\par\plain {Despite the stress of their looming finals, the room carried a strange sense of warmth, a reminder that they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t alone in this. Friends, teammates, and a shared purpose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was the heart of their efforts.}
\par\plain {Ashley reached out, placing her hand on Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got this,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice steady but kind. \u8220\'93Just follow the flow, and trust the circle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded, taking a deep breath. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. Let\u8217\'92s do this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie sat cross-legged within the ritual circle, his wand poised toward a glowing sigil etched on the floor. Ashley knelt to his left, her staff gently humming with energy, its carved wooden surface catching the flickering candlelight. Will sat to Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s right, his guitar resting on his lap as he strummed a soft, resonant chord that wove into the magic around them.}
\par\plain {The air in the room buzzed with anticipation as the sigil began to glow brighter. At its center, a cluster of minerals shimmered faintly, their surfaces catching the light as the harmonization began to take form. Eddie focused on the flow of his mana, channeling it into the sigil with as much precision as he could muster.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Steady\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Ashley whispered, her voice taut with concentration as she guided the energy from her staff into the circle.}
\par\plain {Will, sensing the tension, played a deliberate progression of chords, his bardic magic weaving through the room like an invisible thread. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Almost there,\u8221\'94 he said, his tone laced with encouragement.}
\par\plain {The sigil\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light pulsed, a faint hum filling the space as the minerals at its center began to shimmer more intensely. But then, without warning, the glow flickered. A sharp fizzling sound broke through the tension, and the light snuffed out entirely. The minerals dulled, leaving the room bathed only in the dim light of the desk lamp and candles.}
\par\plain {The three of them stared at the failed sigil in stunned silence.}
\par\plain {Eddie groaned, letting his wand drop to the floor as he buried his face in his hands. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It didn\u8217\'92t work,\u8221\'94 he muttered, his voice muffled and heavy with frustration.}
\par\plain {Ashley let out a long sigh, sitting back on her heels and rubbing her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What went wrong this time?\u8221\'94 she murmured, glancing at the notes scattered around them. \u8220\'93We triple-checked everything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will flopped onto his back, strumming a lazy, dissonant chord on his guitar. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe the circle hates us,\u8221\'94 he said, his tone dry but tinged with exhaustion. \u8220\'93Or maybe it\u8217\'92s cursed. Did someone anger a rune goddess or something?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Despite their fatigue, a small chuckle escaped Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips. \u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s cursed, it\u8217\'92s probably your fault, Will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie lifted his head, his jade-green eyes filled with frustration. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not going to make it at this rate,\u8221\'94 he said quietly. His shoulders sagged, the weight of the looming finals pressing down on him.}
\par\plain {Ashley frowned, leaning over to nudge him gently with her staff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey. None of that defeatist talk,\u8221\'94 she said firmly. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re going to figure this out. We just need to rethink the flow ratios.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will sat up, propping his guitar against the wall. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s right, Ed,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice softening. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve come this far, haven\u8217\'92t we? We\u8217\'92ll crack it eventually.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie shook his head, though a small, reluctant smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You two are insufferable, you know that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely,\u8221\'94 Ashley replied with a grin, reaching for another sheet of rune paper. \u8220\'93Now let\u8217\'92s get back to it. Third time\u8217\'92s the charm, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More like the twentieth,\u8221\'94 Will quipped, grabbing his can of energy drink and raising it like a toast.}
\par\plain {Eddie sighed but picked up his wand again, a flicker of determination reigniting in his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s try it again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {As the night wore on, their failures continued to pile up, each fizzled sigil or sputtered rune drawing groans and exasperated sighs. But every time one of them wavered, the others would pull them back up\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ashley with her calm logic, Will with his relentless humor, and Eddie with his stubborn determination.}
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain {As the first rays of dawn spilled through the thin curtains, Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dorm room bore the marks of a night-long siege of study and determination. Notes and diagrams lay scattered across the floor, teetering stacks of magical research papers balanced precariously on the desk, and the faint, waxy aroma of burnt-out lavender candles lingered in the air.}
\par\plain {Eddie lay sprawled on the wooden floor, his wand clutched loosely in one hand and a crumpled page of notes in the other. His silver hair was a mess, and faint smudges of ink marred his cheek. Will knelt beside Ashley at the center of the room, both of them still wide-eyed with exhaustion but focused as they labored over the final sigil.}
\par\plain {Ashley hovered over her rune inscriptions, her hand steady despite the fatigue pulling at her every motion. Her voice was soft but focused as she murmured to herself, making the last adjustments to the chalked lines. Will leaned over her shoulder, pointing out details and double-checking against Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scrawled notes.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make sure the flow here connects back,\u8221\'94 Will said, his finger tracing one of the curved lines. \u8220\'93Eddie wrote that it needs to reinforce the whole loop for stability.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley nodded, making a quick correction and blowing a stray lock of hair from her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got it. Thanks, Will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {After a few more careful strokes of chalk, Ashley leaned back on her heels and let out a long sigh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice laced with a mix of relief and nervous anticipation.}
\par\plain {Will sat back and rubbed his neck, glancing over at Eddie. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s wake him,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {Crawling across the floor, he gave Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder a gentle shake. \u8220\'93Hey, Sleeping Beauty. Time to rise and shine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie jolted awake, blinking groggily as his jade-green eyes darted around the room. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? Huh? Did I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ?\u8221\'94 He looked down at his notes as if trying to remember what he was doing before sleep claimed him.}
\par\plain {Will chuckled, helping him sit up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You passed out mid-theory, Professor. But Ashley\u8217\'92s ready. We\u8217\'92re giving this another shot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie rubbed his face, trying to shake off the haze of sleep. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice hoarse but resolute. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s do it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The three of them gathered around the completed sigil, its chalked lines glowing faintly in the soft light of dawn. Ashley stood at the edge of the circle, her long staff in hand, its tip catching the morning light. Will crouched nearby, ready to channel his music into the spell if needed, while Eddie knelt on the floor, his gaze fixed on the inscription they had labored over all night.}
\par\plain {Ashley took a deep breath, gripping her staff tightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 she whispered, her voice barely audible over the soft birdsong filtering through the window. \u8220\'93Moment of truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She raised her staff and tapped the center of the rune circle.}
\par\plain {The room fell silent as the three of them positioned themselves around the rune circle one last time. The drawn lines of chalk, scuffed from hours of effort, still held the intricate sigils that seemed to breathe faintly with latent power. At the center sat the components of their ritual\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 water in a small dish, a smooth stone, and a single, unassuming seed.}
\par\plain {Eddie adjusted his wand, his fingers trembling from exhaustion but steady in their purpose. Ashley tightened her grip on her staff, her lips murmuring a soft incantation as she attuned herself to the spell\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rhythm. Will rested his fingers lightly on the strings of his lute, his normally playful demeanor replaced by a rare, quiet focus.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ready?\u8221\'94 Ashley asked softly, her voice nearly drowned out by the weight of the moment.}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s make it count.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will strummed a single chord, the sound resonating in the air like a ripple across still water. Eddie pointed his wand, drawing energy into the circle, while Ashley tapped the center of the rune with her staff.}
\par\plain {The room seemed to inhale.}
\par\plain {A soft glow emanated from the circle, spreading outward like the first light of dawn. The stone shimmered, its surface radiating a gentle warmth. The water began to ripple, as though stirred by an unseen breeze, before tiny droplets rose into the air, suspended in delicate arcs around the seed.}
\par\plain {Then, as if the world paused to watch, the seed quivered.}
\par\plain {The three of them held their breaths as a faint green tendril unfurled from the seed, curling upward with a fragile yet purposeful grace. The tendril touched the glowing stone, and the stone responded, its glow intensifying as veins of light spread across its surface. The water droplets danced, spiraling around the growing stem and feeding it with liquid light.}
\par\plain {It was as though life itself was awakening.}
\par\plain {The stem grew stronger, thicker, and from it bloomed a flower unlike anything Eddie, Ashley, or Will had ever seen. Its petals were translucent yet iridescent, shifting in hues of gold, violet, and emerald as though capturing every color of the sunrise. A faint hum filled the air, soft and melodic, resonating in their very bones\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a sound that felt alive.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You gotta be kidding me,\u8221\'94 Will murmured, his voice hoarse from hours of talking and lack of sleep.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did we just\u8230\'85?\u8221\'94 Eddie trailed off, his wide, jade-green eyes fixed on the impossible flower before him.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Ashley\u8217\'92s voice was barely above a whisper, her hands trembling slightly as she gripped her staff. \u8220\'93I think we completed it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The three of them sat frozen in a sort of trance, the exhaustion of the night forgotten as they stared at the flower. Its glow bathed their faces in soft, shifting light, as if it were a miracle born of their collective effort.}
\par\plain {And then it hit them.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93YEAAAAAH!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Their voices erupted in unison, shattering the stillness of the moment. Will leapt to his feet, whooping as he grabbed Ashley into a bear hug. She laughed, spinning around with him, her staff clattering to the floor. Eddie, still kneeling, finally broke into a wide grin and stumbled to his feet, joining the impromptu celebration.}
\par\plain {The three of them huddled together in a tight embrace, laughing and shouting, their voices carrying the unrestrained joy of triumph.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We did it!\u8221\'94 Eddie exclaimed, his voice cracking with excitement.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe it!\u8221\'94 Ashley said, her face lit with a jubilant smile.}
\par\plain {Will grinned, his arm slung over Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder. \u8220\'93Forget the finals. We\u8217\'92re legends now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {They laughed together, the flower glowing quietly in the center of the rune, a testament to their determination and friendship.}
\par\plain {Eddie, Will, and Ashley collapsed onto Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bed in a heap of tangled limbs and laughter, their tired smiles refusing to fade. Eddie sprawled across the foot of the bed, his silver hair sticking out in all directions, his green eyes half-lidded but shining with contentment. Will slouched at the head of the bed, propped up by a pile of mismatched pillows, his lute abandoned nearby. Ashley lay in the middle, her dark hair fanned out around her, her fingers idly tracing the faint lines of chalk still smudged on her hands.}
\par\plain {"Do you think Professor Rheagan will even believe us?" Eddie murmured, his voice heavy with fatigue but laced with amusement.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Believe us? He\u8217\'92ll frame that flower and hang it in the Hall of Legends,\u8221\'94 Will replied with a grin, though his eyes were already drifting shut.}
\par\plain {Ashley laughed softly, turning her head to look at them both. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s just hope we can still function when the finals roll around. We\u8217\'92re going to need sleep first, or I might accidentally turn a seed into a rock next time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A small spread of snacks and treats sat untouched on the bedside table, their celebratory feast forgotten in the whirlwind of the ritual\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s success. Empty coffee cups, an assortment of energy drink cans, and discarded papers littered the floor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a chaotic monument to their determination and teamwork.}
\par\plain {For a moment, the three of them lay there in a comfortable silence, the only sounds being the faint hum of the rune\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s remnants and their quiet breathing. The shared accomplishment settled over them like a warm blanket, soothing the exhaustion that weighed down their bodies.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I still can\u8217\'92t believe we did it,\u8221\'94 Eddie mumbled, his voice muffled by the pillow he had pulled under his head.}
\par\plain {Will chuckled softly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s because you\u8217\'92re too tired to process it. We\u8217\'92re geniuses, Ed. Give it a day, and it\u8217\'92ll hit you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley smiled, her eyelids fluttering closed as she nestled deeper into the bed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or\u8230\'85 just give it a nap.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 Eddie began, staring at the ceiling with half-closed eyes, \u8220\'93We really should thank Madeleine for helping me with my chaotic magic. If it weren\u8217\'92t for her, I probably would\u8217\'92ve set us all on fire during the Harmonisation Ritual.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will chuckled, resting his head against a pillow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93True. But while we\u8217\'92re at it, we should also thank Walther. He\u8217\'92s the one who pushed you to figure out what you\u8217\'92re really capable of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley snorted, rolling onto her side to look at them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, so we\u8217\'92re doing a gratitude roll call now? Alright, you two geniuses better thank me too. I\u8217\'92m the one who had to worry about all your shenanigans. Especially }{\f0\fs24\i1 you}{, Eddie.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She pointed an accusing finger at him, her eyes narrowed in mock disapproval. \u8220\'93Between your chaotic duels and landing in the infirmary, I\u8217\'92ve practically aged a year in stress.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie and Will both burst out laughing, their tired voices mingling with hers. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair enough,\u8221\'94 Eddie admitted, raising his hands in surrender. \u8220\'93Thank you, Ashley, for being the only responsible one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re welcome,\u8221\'94 she said smugly, though her smile gave her away.}
\par\plain {The room filled with laughter that carried a mix of weariness and joy, the kind of laughter that only comes after overcoming something monumental. As it faded into chuckles and soft murmurs, the three of them finally allowed their exhaustion to pull them under.}
\par\plain {One by one, they began to drift off, the adrenaline of their triumph finally giving way to the pull of sleep. Ashley pulled the covers over all three of them, her hand brushing Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder in a silent gesture of solidarity before she settled back into the pillows.}
\par\plain {As they lay there, the rare flower still glowing softly in the corner of the room, the air carried a sense of peace and fulfillment. They had faced challenges together, pushed through their limits, and achieved something extraordinary.}
\par\plain {And as the three friends succumbed to well-earned rest, they did so with pride in their hearts and dreams of what they could accomplish next\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 together. }}