{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Italic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f5\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Four years had passed since that Incident.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Four long years of self-exile, self-discovery, and self-loathing for a boy called Edward Welton.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s briefly not talk about him, shall we?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For when everything ended for him four years ago, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It began for someone.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a distant kingdom of Edenfield, in the deep northernmost island of its reach called Weshaven, in an apothecary that is made from a repurposed lighthouse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A girl stood before a tall mirror, adjusting the brim of her pointed black hat. Her long, silky brown hair swayed in twin tails as she tilted her head, inspecting her reflection with wide, eager eyes behind oversized round glasses. A yellow knit sweater peeked out from beneath the freshly pressed folds of a long black robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She adjusted the brim one last time, tugged on her robe again, and looked back at the mirror.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {She looked like a real student of the arcane arts. And yet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 the smile slowly melted away. Her hands felt empty. Something was missing. The most important part. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Turning from her reflection, she left the bedroom and headed for the winding central staircase, the new leather of her shoes squeaking on the old wood. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Mum?}{" she called out, her voice echoing down the column of the lighthouse. }
\par\plain {She down to the first floor, past the main entrance where the salty sea air blew in, and into the cramped, wedge-shaped room that served as their kitchen.}
\par\plain {Her mother stood with her back to the door, tending to something sizzling in a heavy cast-iron skillet on the stove. The scent of frying sausages and toasted bread momentarily overpowered the ever-present aroma of the apothecary below.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 "Mum, where did you put it?" }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie continued.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put what, dear?\u8221\'94 Mrs. Welton asked without turning around. \u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s your textbook on foundational runes, it\u8217\'92s already in your satchel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, not that,\u8221\'94 Torrie said, stepping fully into the kitchen. The initial excitement from moments before was bubbling up again, \u8220\'93My staff. I thought it would be with the rest of my things.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah. About that, dear.\u8221\'94 She set the spatula down on the countertop. \u8220\'93You won\u8217\'92t be needing a staff. The academy doesn't require them for the first few years. They focus purely on theory and somatic casting for the junior classes.\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No staff? But Mum, all my friends are getting theirs! They've all been shopping for the best ones!"}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton let out a soft sigh, turning back to the stove, flicking a knob that extinguished the hissing flame with a soft }{\f0\fs24\i1 whoof}{. With the practiced motions, she slid the sausages and toast onto a plate and set it on the small kitchen table.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m sure their fancy staves are lovely,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice even as she wiped her hands on her apron. \u8220\'93But listen to me, Torrie. Fancy silver engravings do not help you channel aether. Polished mahogany does not make your intent any clearer. We might have been able to get you a simple staff, yes, but that\u8217\'92s not what you need for real craft.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She walked over to a tall, salt-bleached wooden wardrobe that stood against the curved wall, its doors slightly warped from years of seaside humidity. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A staff is a tool for a more moderate magical usage, and for your first years, you won\u8217\'92t be needing that,\u8221\'94 she said, pulling one of the creaking doors open, }
\par\plain {Her arm disappeared behind a stack of folded wool blankets, rummaging deep in the back corner. After a moment of searching, her fingers closed around something. She pulled it out.}
\par\plain {It was a small, narrow wooden case, elegantly shaped but starkly unadorned. A thick, uniform layer of dust coated its surface, muting the grain of the wood beneath.}
\par\plain {She stepped forward and gently placed the dusty, forgotten case into her daughter\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands. It was light, almost weightless, but it felt heavier than any staff.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Open it,\u8221\'94 Mrs. Welton said}
\par\plain {Torrie traced the smooth wood of the case. It felt ancient. With a click from the small brass latch, she lifted the lid.}
\par\plain {Inside, nestled on a bed of faded black velvet that had seen better days, lay a small, gnarled piece of wood. It was bleached nearly white by sun.}
\par\plain {"It's... it's a piece of driftwood."}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is a wand,\u8221\'94 Mrs. Welton corrected gently, her hands now busy tidying the kitchen counter. \u8220\'93My first. Your brother used it when he was starting his education. And now, it is time for you to use it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it doesn\u8217\'92t }{\f0\fs24\i1 look}{ like one,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Torrie protested, poking the object with her finger. It didn't budge. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s ugly. And rough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton laughed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what Eddie said, too. Almost word for word.\u8221\'94 Mrs. Welton then began to immitate Eddie\u8217\'92s low and nasally voice,}{\f0\fs24\i1  \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s ugly, Mum. It\u8217\'92s just a piece of twig.\u8217\'92 }{For his first term, he barely touched it, preferring the wand the academy issued him. But then he lost that one and was forced to use this. And over time\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Her smile held, full of a bittersweet memory. \u8220\'93He grew attached to it. It began to feel like an extension of himself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Her voice grew softer then, more sombre, and her gaze drifted towards the window overlooking the sea. }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He grew so attached to it\u8230\'85 that it was so very difficult for him to let it go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remember this, Torrie. It is not the staff nor the wand that casts great magic. It is the magician.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A slow, genuine smile spread across her face. She closed the case with a soft }{\f0\fs24\i1 snap}{ and slipped it into the deep inner pocket of her robe.}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s answering smile was relieved and bright. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s my girl.\u8221\'94 She glanced towards the front door, then at the small, ticking clock on the wall. A line of concern creased her brow.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, speaking of your brother\u8230\'85 where is he? Didn\u8217\'92t he agree to take you to the school on your first day?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie shrugged. "Haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seen him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton exhaled, rubbing her temple. "Of course." She stood, pushing her chair back with a sigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then she cupped her hands around her mouth and called up the stairs. "Edward?!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton huffed. "You stay here, hon. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll go see if he\u8217\'92s still in his room."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned and strode toward the staircase, muttering under her breath. Torrie just smiled, spooning up a mouthful of soup as she waited.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Edward?\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  she said into the door of Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room. Her voice barely breaking the stillness of the attic. She leaned in, putting her ears closer.. The other side lingered in their silence. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She knocked again, this time with a deeper intent, the sound echoing more profoundly through the room beyond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beyond the attic door, the room lay in comfortable chaos. The space was dim, save for the slivers of morning light through his curtains. casting long, golden beams across the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Clothes strewn carelessly across the floor, some draped over the back of a chair, some half-tucked under the bed, some long forgotten. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Books were }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 everywhere. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 stacked haphazardly on the desk, toppled over on the nightstand, spread open on the unmade bed as if abandoned mid-thought. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Loose parchment spilled onto the wooden floor, some pages crumpled, others torn at the edges. Half-sketched transmutation circles and scribbled formulas peeked out from beneath the clutter, most of them bore the chaotic scribbling of frustation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its walls bore remnants of faded posters. Some curling at the edges, one hanging on by a single pin. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A calendar sat pinned to the wall near the door, its pages frozen in time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The last date marked in red ink from seven years ago.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 26th of April, 1980.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Near the farthest wall, a wooden desk was buried beneath the weight of research. Transmutation circles sketched and then discarded overflowed from a bin at the desk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side. Diagrams detailing herbs, plants and mushrooms. Their alchemical properties meticulously annotated in a careful yet restless hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stacked books, their spines cracked from repeated use, bore names in gilded lettering\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 , }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Modern Alchemy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  by Magnus Borman, and a vintage tome }{\f1\fs22\b0\i1 The Ancient Arts of Alchemy}{\f2\fs20\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 signed only }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Catherine}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Amid the scholarly collection sat a battered notebook filled with translations of an even older text, one written by }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Casnius Bolos}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , one of the nine sages of enlightenment. The Father of Alchemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And slumped over it all, was the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lone occupant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His maroon diamond-patterned sweater hung loosely over his slumped shoulders, its sleeves pushed up to his elbows. His brunette hair fell messily over his forehead, unkempt from restless nights. His posture was hunched, arms folded beneath his head, his breathing slow and steady in slumber.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In his ears, a pair of makeshift headphones\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 wired together in an unorthodox fashion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hummed faintly with a distant, crackling signal. Plugged into an even more makeshift radio, the device played something indiscernible, some half-lost frequency from far beyond the solitary island of Weshaven. Whether it was music or the muffled voices of a broadcast, only he could tell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The knocking at the door continued. A soft, measured rhythm, persistent against the wood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still, he did not stir. Succumbing to his sleep and the sounds from distant lands.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton knocked again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more resolutely.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edward?\u8221\'94 She called, yet no answer. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton sighed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, I knew it\u8217\'92ll come to this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slipping her hand into her skirt pocket and touching her wand's smooth wooden surface. With a slight wrist movement, the wand appeared. A thin piece of dark oak with intricate interlocking ornaments. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She pointed it at the door's lock, and a gentle click rattled the quiet attic, flickering the runes around the lock before dissolving into the shadows. She tucked her wand away and gently opened the door. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The room was full of clutter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze swept the room, her eyebrows lifting slightly as she took in the disarray.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 she muttered under her breath, stepping carefully over a crumpled tunic on the floor. \u8220\'93A storm couldn\u8217\'92t have done a better job.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stared at the figure slumped on the desk, immovable except for his breathing breathing. Crackling of faint jazz music could be heard from the makeshift headset on the radio.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Edward Welton!\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she yelled, her tone sharp but laced with exasperated fondness. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie jolted awake so violently that his chair tipped backward. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His arms flailed, his headset yanked free with a sharp crackle of static, and the makeshift radio tumbled off the desk with a clatter. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Books, parchments, loose papers exploded into the air, cascading down like confetti. His foot caught on something, he tumbled off his chair entirely, landing flat on his back with a heavy }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 thud}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From the floor, he let out a groggy, half-incoherent groan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mum?\u8230\'85 what the hell?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You agreed }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 weeks ago}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to accompany Torrie on her first day of school! I'm not letting her get lost at town while you spend all day locked in your room like an Isgardian troll!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie sat up, rubbing his hair, still blinking off the remnants of sleep. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could you at least }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 knock}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  first?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  knock!" Mrs. Welton shot back, pointing at the unlocked door. "But you were too busy listening to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she gestured vaguely at the tangled mess of wires, the radio now buzzing with distorted, half-drowned static. \u8220\'93\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whatever }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {As if on cue, the angry buzzing from the fallen radio on the floor softened, and a clear, articulate voice cut through the static. }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 reports from the Edenfield city plaza where the Ministry of Arcane Affairs has just concluded their press conference regarding the ley-line instability. Tensions remain high following the\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8221\'94}{ The signal dissolved back into a sea of crackles and hums.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, sorry.\u8221\'94 Eddie then nudged the device with the toe of her shoe, silencing it. }
\par\plain {She bent down to straighten a teetering pile of alchemy notes that had spilled near her feet. "You should at least try to keep things organized," she scolded, though her voice had lost some of its sharp edge. "Honestly, Edward, why are you even listening to that stuff anyway?"}
\par\plain {Eddie pushed himself into a sitting position on the floor, wincing as he untangled a leg from his headset wire. }
\par\plain {"Because it's interesting," he said, running a hand through his hopelessly messy hair. "There are always things happening in Edenfield. As opposed to here."}
\par\plain {He grabbed onto the edge of his desk to pull himself up, scattering another handful of loose papers. "The most exciting thing to happen last week was Mrs. Gable's pet frog escaping and trampling her prize-winning pumpkins. Point is, Mum," he said, turning to face her with a dramatic sweep of his hand, "I bet things have been going on the exact same way here since the days of the elves."}
\par\plain {"Whatever it is, it don't excuse you waking up late on your sister's first day of school," she said, her tone firming up once more. Her gaze swept over his rumpled sweater and sleep-creased trousers. "This is a special day for her, and you made a promise. You will not ruin it. Get yourself dressed and be downstairs in ten minutes."}
\par\plain {Eddie stood alone for a moment, the silence of the room settling back around him. With a sigh that seemed to stir the dust, he began to prepare. He straightened his maroon sweater, pulled on a pair of worn leather boots, and finally shrugged on his favorite brown wool jacket. It was old and slightly frayed at the cuffs, but it felt like a necessary layer of armor against the world.}
\par\plain {Jacket collar upturned, he walked to the door, hand reaching for the old iron key that was always in the lock. He was about to turn it when he realized he wasn't alone.}
\par\plain {His mother hadn't gone downstairs. She stood near his desk, the surrounding chaos of his life seeming to fade away around her. The floor was still a mess, his desk was still a disaster, but she wasn't looking at any of it. }
\par\plain {In her hands, she held a single, plain envelope, turning it over between her thumb and forefinger as if weighing its contents.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to lock the room,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, his voice quiet. It was a statement, not a question.}
\par\plain {His mother didn't look up from the envelope immediately. When she finally did, her eyes were serious, cutting through his defenses. She said nothing about the lock. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Were you an Alchemist, Eddie?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he answered, too quickly.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Back when you were at the academy, I mean.\u8221\'94 she clarified, her voice gentle but persistent.}
\par\plain {Eddie looked away, his gaze falling on a half-finished transmutation circle on the floor. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 he admitted, his tone flat. \u8220\'93But that was four years ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were so good at it,\u8221\'94 she said, a wistful, painful note in her voice. She carefully placed the envelope back on the desk, her full attention now on him. \u8220\'93Do you ever think of\u8230\'85 returning? Taking up Alchemy again, properly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie was silent. His jaw tightened, and he stared at the floorboards as if they held an answer he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find. The air grew thick with everything he couldn't bring himself to say.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he finally managed to get out, the word barely a whisper. He cleared his throat. \u8220\'93No, I don\u8217\'92t think so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A sad, knowing smile touched Mrs. Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips. It was a smile of resignation, not happiness. \u8220\'93I see,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {A few heavy moments of silence passed between them, filled only by the distant sound of the sea.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave the door open,\u8221\'94 she said at last, her tone shifting back to something practical. \u8220\'93Get some fresh air into your room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie could only nod, unable to meet her gaze. He turned and walked out, leaving the door, and all his secrets within, wide open as he headed downstairs.}
\par\plain {As Eddie walked downstairs, his footsteps dwindled down as it fades to the first floor.}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton remained in the room. A long, weary sigh escaped her lips, the sound swallowed by the cluttered silence of the attic room. }
\par\plain {Her gaze drifted back to the single, crisp envelope she had in her hand. It lay starkly clean amidst the chaos of crumpled notes and dusty tomes, a focal point of order in his self-imposed storm. }
\par\plain {Her fingers tracing the elegant, embossed seal of the institution. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i1 Sage Institute Scholarship Referral for University Program.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i1 Recipient: Edward Welton of Weshaven.}
\par\plain {Her thumb brushed over the final, most crucial line, the date that now haunted her waking thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i1 Referral valid until the 29th of December, 1984.}
\par\plain {A month. Just one more month for him to claim a future she feared he had already thrown away. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24}