{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The sterile white corridor became a place of silent miracles. From the shimmering, heat-haze curtain of Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Mirror Veil, ghosts began to emerge. A gaunt, elderly }{\f0\fs24\i1 Bapak}{ with haunted eyes stepped out of what looked like thin air, his gaze wide with disbelief. Then a young woman, clutching the arm of her brother, both stumbling on weak legs. Will, a tense shadow by the main lab entrance, would watch the corridor, his face a mask of concentration, before giving a quick, low wave of his hand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 Go, now.}{ The freed captives would then move, a silent, ghost-like procession, down the hall leading back to the cacophonous menagerie, their escape masked by the screeching of the captive creatures. Will was the conductor of this impossible orchestra, and Ashley, standing firm with her staff planted, was the magic holding the stage together.}
\par\plain {The perspective shifts back to Eddie, who is now on the last three captives, his hope surging.}
\par\plain {Inside the holding pen, a powerful, hopeful rhythm had taken hold. The oppressive stench of fear was still there, but now it was mingled with the electric, ozone scent of imminent freedom. Eddie moved to the next cage, his exhaustion forgotten, replaced by a surging, brilliant hope that warmed him from the inside out. }{\f0\fs24\i1 We're doing it,}{ he thought, a sense of profound awe washing over him. }{\f0\fs24\i1 We're actually doing it.}
\par\plain {He no longer needed to look at Madeleine. They were a single unit, moving with an unspoken understanding. As he placed his hand on the next lock, he could hear her soft, steady whisper to the person in the final cage, her voice a balm of reassurance.}
\par\plain {The green light of his alchemy felt less like a weapon now and more like a key. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Hiss.}{ The lock dissolved into fine grey dust. The cage door creaked open. Madeleine was there instantly, helping a young man to his feet.}
\par\plain {"You're okay," she murmured, giving his arm a firm, steadying squeeze. "Go to my friend at the end of the hall. He'll show you the way. Be quiet, and don't look back."}
\par\plain {The young man looked from Madeleine's tired but fiercely compassionate face to Eddie's, his own eyes filling with tears of disbelief and gratitude. He nodded and shuffled out into the shimmering veil.}
\par\plain {Two left.}
\par\plain {The holding pen, once a gallery of despair, was now a hall of echoing emptiness. The vast space felt liberating. Eddie allowed himself a small, genuine smile, catching Madeleine's eye as he turned. She returned it, a fleeting, exhausted, but triumphant expression that spoke volumes. They were winning.}
\par\plain {He moved to the second-to-last cage. The woman inside was already on her feet, her hands pressed together as if in prayer. The alchemy flowed from him effortlessly now, energized by their success. The final lock dissolved.}
\par\plain {One more.}
\par\plain {Victory was a breath away. He turned to the last cage, the sense of triumph so close, so tangible, he could almost taste it. One more person to free, and they would have pulled off the impossible.}
\par\plain {"Hey! What's the meaning of this!"}
\par\plain {The voice was a thunderclap in the sterile quiet. It echoed from the main laboratory corridor, sharp and authoritative. Eddie's smile vanished, his blood running cold. Hope shattered into a million pieces.}
\par\plain {He spun around. Professor Gareth Hudson stood at the far end of the room, his face a mask of thunderous disbelief. His polished staff was held tight in one hand, its tip glowing with a faint, dangerous light. Beside him, his two fatigue-jacketed companions snapped into formation, raising military-grade magical staves and aiming them down the hall. Will and Ashley were nowhere to be seen, likely having ducked for cover the moment Hudson appeared.}
\par\plain {Without a second thought, Eddie stepped in front of Madeleine, shielding her. "Back off!" he yelled, his voice raw with defiance. He threw his hand forward, and a complex, brilliant green transmutation circle flared to life in the air between them, aimed directly at his professor.}
\par\plain {Hudson's companions reacted instantly, their staves shifting to aim squarely at Eddie's chest.}
\par\plain {But Hudson himself just stared, his expression looking more confused than angry. "Welton? What in God's name are you doing here? Are you completely mad?"}
\par\plain {"I know what you're doing!" Eddie shot back, his voice ringing with righteous fury. "This illegal Chimaera breeding! This whole sick experiment! It ends tonight!"}
\par\plain {The accusation struck Hudson like a physical blow. His confusion instantly hardened into a rare, palpable anger. "Chimaeras?" he snarled, taking a threatening step forward. "Do you have any idea of the danger you are in? Of what you have stumbled into? You could have been killed!"}
\par\plain {Eddie let out a bitter, incredulous laugh. "Oh, suddenly you care if someone dies? After all the people you've experimented on? After everything you've done to Madeleine?" He gestured wildly at the room around them. "How many have you killed for your precious research?!"}
\par\plain {He gathered his energy, the transmutation circle spinning faster, brighter, ready to unleash a wave of corrosive force. But before he could, a hand grabbed his arm. It was Madeleine. Her grip was weak, but astonishingly firm.}
\par\plain {"Eddie, stop!"}
\par\plain {"Maddie, get back!" he yelled, trying to shake her off, his eyes never leaving Hudson. "I can handle him!"}
\par\plain {"No! Eddie, listen to me!" she insisted, pulling on his arm with all her strength. She stumbled in front of him, breaking his line of sight. She put her hands on his chest, forcing him to look down at her, the person he had just risked everything to save. Her eyes were wide, not with fear of Hudson, but with a desperate, pleading urgency. "Please, you have to listen. You've got it wrong."}
\par\plain {"What are you talking about? He's right there!" Eddie fought back, his rage blinding him.}
\par\plain {"It wasn't Professor Hudson," Madeleine said, her voice quiet, but it cut through his fury like a blade of ice. The words hung in the sterile air, heavy and absolute.}
\par\plain {The words slammed into Eddie with the force of a physical blow. The brilliant green transmutation circle flickered, sputtered, and died. His arm lowered, feeling impossibly heavy. The entire foundation of his righteous fury, the certainty that had fueled him through the alleys of Hallowmere, crumbled into dust. He stared at Professor Hudson, whose face was no longer just angry, but etched with a deep, familiar weariness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the same grief Eddie had seen the night he'd spoken of his lost daughter. He didn't understand the full story, not even close. But he saw the truth in Madeleine's eyes. And that was enough.}
\par\plain {The standoff dissipated, leaving a vacuum of tense, unanswered questions. Hudson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s companions cautiously lowered their staves, their eyes still locked on Eddie.}
\par\plain {It was just a moment\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a fragile, breathless pause in the heart of the enemy's lair.}
\par\plain {Then the world exploded in a flash of violent crimson light.}
\par\plain {A streak of spell-fire erupted from the main corridor, silent and impossibly fast. It struck one of Hudson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s companions squarely in the chest. The man cried out, a name\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 "Jacobs!"}{\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 torn from Hudson's throat as the man collapsed, his fatigue jacket smoking.}
\par\plain {Instinct, honed by years of training Eddie couldn't possibly comprehend, took over. Hudson didn't hesitate. He lunged, dragging his downed man behind a heavy steel counter. His other companion reacted simultaneously, dropping to one knee and returning fire. A bolt of pure, concussive force erupted from the tip of his staff with a sound like a gunshot, tearing down the hallway toward their unseen assailants.}
\par\plain {Eddie shoved Madeleine behind him, instinctively dodging as the firefight erupted. But before he could even raise his own defense, he saw a silhouette in the hall next to him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a different one. He had no time to react. An invisible force, like a solid wall of pressure, slammed into him. He was lifted off his feet and thrown violently across the room. The impact with the hard-tiled wall was a sickening crunch, forcing the air from his lungs before he crumpled to the floor.}
\par\plain {His body screamed in protest, a symphony of aches and sharp, stabbing pains. Through a swimming, blurry haze, he pushed himself up onto his elbows.}
\par\plain {That's when he saw them.}
\par\plain {Figures in long, black cloaks were pouring from the hallway now, moving with a silent, coordinated menace. They flanked the entrance, their faces hidden in shadow. One figure, however, stepped forward, moving with a calm, unhurried grace that was terrifying in its confidence.}
\par\plain {As the figure came to a stop in the center of the room, they slowly lowered their hood.}
\par\plain {A wave of cold, nauseating horror washed over Eddie, eclipsing the pain. He knew that face. He knew that detached, analytical calm. The friend he had trusted. The man he had defended.}
\par\plain {It was Walther Schroder.}}