{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1. The Protagonist}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a. The protagonist is Edward "Eddie" Welton, during the main story he is 20 years old, but in the prologue, he is 16, in his Grade 11 of his Secondary School. he used to be brash, energetic and stood up for the bullied. but since his expulsion from highschool, he is very withdrawn and quiet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 b. His biggest desire is to have meaning, currently after his expulsion he has thrown away all hope that he could get anywhere in life, and so he is just drifting by. His biggest fear is that it becoming true.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 c. The coming of age part of his journey is in the Catalyst part of the story, where he got kidnapped by a mysterious man in black, and conciously bend the handcuffs that is holding him, and being saved by Catherine. and then revealed that all his random abilities and weird things that had happened around him, and him being able to see molecules and sometimes bend then at random was a part of his "Gift" and not his disorder}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2. The Setting and The School}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a. during this 1st act, the story takes place in Ontario, Canada. but when Eddie is enrolling himself in University of Edenfield, he will sail and go to the hidden 8th continent called Archaea, where there is a city called Edenfield, where he will continue his study}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 b. the school is a University. called University of Edenfield in a city called Edenfield. it's a university focusing in the study and research of Magical Knowledges and Arts like Alchemy, Enchantments, Witchcraft, etc it is in a hidden 8th continent that will appear to not exist to those who have no connections to it. but those who have ancestors and families who has been there, they could see its existence, and apparently Eddie was one of them}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 c. The urban fantasy flavour of the city is the mythical creatures existing altogether in Edenfield. the centaur in business suit, a knight wearing headphones in the metro, dragons heating up cakes in fancy cafes}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3. The Magic}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a. The event that kicks off the plot is that Eddie turns out was hunted by this mysterious man in black, where during one time when he hung out with his friends, since he could see molecules, he can see that his drink is spiked, and he intentionally spill them. this gave the mysterious men the confirmation that Eddie has Alchemists blood, and he will be kidnapped and saved by his future mentor Catherine the Elf}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 b. The antagonist so far is still unknown, but what is known is that there are secret underground organisations that is working, and all the crime in Edenfield seems to have a centralised plan in them. and not a random occurance.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The overall theme of this story will be "Change" which is why the magic system Eddie inherited is Alchemy. in this 1st act Eddie is afraid of change. the last major change in his life was his expulsion from secondary school and how his friends ostracise him even in town. when Catherine comes to him offering to personally sponsor and be his guardian in his scholarship in Edenfield to harness and study his inherited ability, Eddie rejected it. it will be a huge change. he will not only move cities anymore, he will move continent. evermore, it was a continent that shouldn't or never existed in the first place.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But after the catalyst he will embraced change. he will leave his old, broken self behind and let himself be reborn in this distant city, perhaps he will find his new self in there. he then accepted Catherine's scholarship and met his agent with Catherine somewhere in Ottawa, where he will be tested in his Alchemical ability to see whether he is worth the Scholarship or not, (He will eventually will.)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That is the informations i can give you at the moment, i will tell you what to write in the prologue later, for now i want you to first understand the whole vibe of the story}}