{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Madeleine rushed down the stone corridors of the Alchemy Faculty building, the sound of her boots echoing off the walls as she hurried toward her Herbology lab. Her satchel bounced against her side with each step, and she barely spared a glance at the enchanted timepiece hanging from her belt, the hands rapidly ticking past the minutes. She had completely lost track of time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Damn it, Madeleine,}{ she thought, }{\f0\fs24\i1 how did I let this happen?}
\par\plain {She hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t intended to be late, but after her practice session with Eddie, the minutes slipped away faster than she could account for them. She had been so focused on guiding him through his frustrations with mana control, encouraging him to trust himself, that she didn\u8217\'92t even notice the sun slipping lower in the sky. She had barely left the lawn when she realized the time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 I really hope Professor Griselda isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t already inside...}{ Madeleine thought as she rounded the corner to the lab. The door loomed ahead, and just as she reached it, she breathed a sigh of relief. The professor hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t arrived yet, and the room was still buzzing with the chatter of her classmates, their voices soft as they prepared their workstations.}
\par\plain {Madeleine slipped inside quietly, closing the door behind her and quickly scanning the room for an empty seat. Her eyes landed on Walther, who was sitting near the back, scribbling something down on a parchment. Without hesitation, she made her way over to him, sliding into the chair next to his just as the door creaked open, signaling the professor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arrival.}
\par\plain {Walther glanced up from his notes, raising an eyebrow as he noticed her breathless state. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine, you\u8217\'92re late,\u8221\'94 he remarked, his tone laced with mild amusement. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re usually the first one here, what happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine ran a hand through her hair, giving a sheepish smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I know... I was teaching Eddie how to control his mana. Lost track of time.\u8221\'94 She shrugged as if it was no big deal, though a part of her wondered if Walther would make a bigger deal out of it.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie?\u8221\'94 Walther repeated, his interest piqued. \u8220\'93The new kid? The one from Weshaven?\u8221\'94 His eyes narrowed slightly, as if trying to piece things together. "Is he still struggling with that... chaotic magic of his?"}
\par\plain {Madeleine nodded, feeling a bit of a pang of sympathy for Eddie. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, that\u8217\'92s him. He\u8217\'92s having a tough time with it. His magic\u8217\'92s all over the place, and he\u8217\'92s been really frustrated with it. I\u8217\'92m just trying to help him get a handle on it. We\u8217\'92re making some progress, but it\u8217\'92s slow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Walther gave a small, noncommittal grunt, returning his attention to his notes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmph, well, it\u8217\'92s good that you\u8217\'92re helping him. But you\u8217\'92ve got to be careful, Madeleine. You can\u8217\'92t lose yourself in someone else\u8217\'92s problems. We all have our own to deal with.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine was about to respond, but the door swung open, and the professor entered, cutting off the conversation. Professor Griselda, a no-nonsense woman with sharp eyes and a stern expression, made her way to the front of the room, her robes rustling as she moved.}
\par\plain {Madeleine turned her focus to the front, knowing that Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention would shift back to the lesson as soon as it started. But even as the professor began her lecture on the properties of rare herbs and their applications in alchemy, Madeleine\u8217\'92s mind drifted back to Eddie.}
\par\plain {She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shake the thought of his frustration, his doubts, and the way his magic flared out of control no matter how hard he tried to rein it in. She was starting to wonder if maybe, just maybe, there was more to his struggles than he let on. But for now, she would focus on the class, and later, when she had more time, she\u8217\'92d check in on him again.}
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain {The Herbology lab was filled with the scent of various herbs and the rhythmic sound of bubbling potions, each student focused on their tasks. Madeleine, however, seemed distracted. Her usually quick hands were moving slower, her eyes unfocused as she worked on her potion assignment. The once-precise measurements were now a little off, the colors in her brews not as vibrant, the consistency slightly off.}
\par\plain {Walther, sitting across from her, glanced up from his own work, noting the subtle change in her demeanor. Madeleine, who usually cracked jokes and kept the atmosphere light, was unusually quiet today. Her brow furrowed slightly in concentration, but there was a distance in her gaze, as though something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 someone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was preoccupying her mind.}
\par\plain {He cleared his throat, leaning in a little closer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine,\u8221\'94 he said softly, \u8220\'93you\u8217\'92re... not yourself today. Something on your mind?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t immediately respond, her attention still on her potion. She added a few more drops of essence, but the liquid didn't shimmer as it was supposed to. She frowned, but then sighed, brushing a strand of hair behind her ear.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m fine,\u8221\'94 she said, trying to sound casual, but her voice lacked the usual cheer. Walther didn\u8217\'92t buy it. He raised an eyebrow, leaning back in his chair.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, it\u8217\'92s not like you to get so... distracted,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve always been the upbeat one. What happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine glanced at him, catching the concern in his eyes. She opened her mouth to brush it off, but something in her expression softened, and she closed it again. She put down her stirring rod, her gaze dropping to the bubbling potion. She hesitated, then exhaled slowly.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s... just something that\u8217\'92s been bothering me lately,\u8221\'94 she admitted quietly, her voice laced with uncertainty.}
\par\plain {Walther, sensing there was more to it, leaned forward, his tone lowering with interest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it about Welton?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t immediately answer, but her silence was all the confirmation Walther needed. He tilted his head, as if processing the idea.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He looked like your childhood friend, didn\u8217\'92t he?\u8221\'94 he asked, his voice still quiet but laced with curiosity.}
\par\plain {Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught in her throat, and her gaze flickered over to Walther. Her heart skipped a beat, as though his words had struck a nerve. Slowly, she nodded, but her expression darkened. She looked down at the table, fiddling with a stray piece of parchment as she tried to gather her thoughts.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 she murmured softly, her voice distant, almost lost in the noise of the room. \u8220\'93He... he looks just like him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed, and a small frown tugged at his lips. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s... impossible, Madeleine. You know that, right?\u8221\'94 He lowered his voice further, glancing around the room to make sure no one was listening. \u8220\'93The king\u8217\'92s family was murdered that night, 17 years ago. The Twin Princes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if they even survived\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 would have been...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dead,\u8221\'94 Madeleine finished for him, her voice heavy with a sense of finality. \u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She fell silent for a moment, her gaze far away. Walther studied her face, noticing how her usual lighthearted demeanor had been replaced with something darker. She had a sadness in her eyes now, an uncertainty that hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been there before.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But... you think it\u8217\'92s him, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94 Walther asked quietly, his voice almost a whisper. \u8220\'93You think Eddie could be one of them, the Prince?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine's breath caught again, and she bit her lip, her gaze flickering toward the window, where the fading light of day cast long shadows across the floor.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 she whispered, as if admitting it out loud would make it too real. \u8220\'93I just... I have this feeling, Walther. When I look at him, I see something familiar. I don\u8217\'92t know how to explain it, but... something in my gut tells me that there\u8217\'92s more to him than he\u8217\'92s letting on. That he might be... someone I\u8217\'92ve lost.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Her hands clenched slightly, her knuckles pale. Walther watched her carefully, then sighed, leaning back in his chair.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, whatever it is, it\u8217\'92s clearly been eating at you,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice more neutral now. \u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t let it consume you, Madeleine. We\u8217\'92ve all been through a lot, and if Eddie }{\f0\fs24\i1 is}{ the Twin Prince, then... there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nothing we can do about it. Not until you know for sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine nodded slowly, her eyes fixed on the potion in front of her. She had the sinking feeling that she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to get any answers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at least not soon. But she couldn\u8217\'92t shake the feeling that somehow, Eddie was tied to her past. A past she thought she had buried long ago.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 she replied softly. \u8220\'93I just... have to figure it out for myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Walther, ever the perceptive one, took a slow breath, glancing at Madeleine as she focused on her work. There was something off about her today\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more withdrawn, less engaged. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d noticed it from the start, and now, he was more determined than ever to understand why.}
\par\plain {He cleared his throat casually, though the question he asked was anything but. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, Eddie... how\u8217\'92s he doing with his mana training? I hear he's been struggling a bit. Does he always have that... natural flair for things? Or is it just you helping him out?\u8221\'94 His tone was light, almost teasing, but there was a sharpness in his eyes that didn\u8217\'92t match his casual facade.}
\par\plain {Madeleine paused, her eyes flickering toward him. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like the way he phrased the question\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 too probing, too specific. But she couldn\u8217\'92t quite place why. She turned her attention back to her potion, her hands steady despite the odd discomfort building in her chest.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s learning,\u8221\'94 she said slowly, trying to keep her voice neutral. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s... got a different way of approaching things, but I think he\u8217\'92s getting there. He\u8217\'92s just... stubborn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Walther chuckled, though his eyes didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite meet hers. \u8220\'93Stubborn? That sounds like him. Not so different from some of the other first-years, I\u8217\'92d imagine. But you seem... invested. You\u8217\'92ve been spending a lot of time with him, huh?\u8221\'94 He tapped his fingers on the edge of his table, the sound rhythmic, almost too deliberate.}
\par\plain {Madeleine tensed slightly, but she shrugged, trying to dismiss the growing discomfort. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a student, Walther. I\u8217\'92m just helping out a friend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands trembled slightly as she stirred her potion, but she kept her eyes on the task at hand. The soft bubbling of the liquid was almost soothing, but Walther\u8217\'92s words still hung in the air, heavy and insistent.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mm,\u8221\'94 Walther hummed thoughtfully, tapping his chin. \u8220\'93A friend, right. I\u8217\'92m sure it\u8217\'92s nothing more than that. But... it\u8217\'92s funny, isn\u8217\'92t it? How someone like Eddie can just appear out of nowhere and... stir up memories like that. Especially with everything that happened so long ago. You\u8217\'92ve got quite a history with the princes, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath hitched, and she looked up sharply, her pulse quickening. The mention of the princes, the very thought of them, struck her like a blow to the chest. She hadn\u8217\'92t expected him to bring it up so directly. There had always been an unspoken understanding between her and herself about the past\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 about those memories she\u8217\'92d buried so deep. But Walther was unearthing them, pulling at them with careful precision.}
\par\plain {For a moment, she was silent, her eyes lingering on the swirling liquid in her cauldron. Her hands were still, frozen in place, as memories came rushing back. She could see the twin princes clearly in her mind\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 their laughter echoing through the grand halls of the palace, their innocent smiles as they ran through the lush gardens. She had been so young then, unaware of the danger and the complexities of court life.}
\par\plain {Her voice was low and distant when she finally spoke, almost as if she were speaking to herself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When I was a child... my family lived in the palace. My father was the Court Architect.\u8221\'94 She swallowed, feeling the weight of the words as they left her mouth. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t just grow up in the palace\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I was a part of it. And the Princes... they changed my life in ways I can\u8217\'92t even explain. They were kind to me. To a little girl who had nothing to give but her admiration.\u8221\'94 She looked at her potion again, the bitterness of the memory creeping in, and her grip tightened on the stirring rod. \u8220\'93They were more than just royalty. They made me see the world differently.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Walther watched her closely, his expression unreadable, though his eyes gleamed with quiet interest. He was patient, waiting for her to continue.}
\par\plain {Madeleine took a shaky breath before continuing, her voice tightening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wanted to repay them for everything they had done. To say thank you, to show them how much they meant to me. But... that night...\u8221\'94 Her words faltered, and she had to pause for a moment to steady herself. \u8220\'93The king\u8217\'92s family was murdered. The palace was attacked. The princes were never found. Their bodies... their bodies were never recovered. They were gone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She closed her eyes, the painful memories washing over her like a cold wave. It felt as though the years had never truly passed, as though she was still that little girl, desperate for the princes\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 kindness, still haunted by the night they disappeared. \u8220\'93I never got to thank them. I never got to say goodbye. And it\u8217\'92s been... seventeen years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Her voice softened as she finished, the vulnerability seeping through. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve wondered ever since if I was meant to repay them in some way. But I never could. And now... now I see someone who looks so much like one of them. Eddie.\u8221\'94 She gave a small, shaky laugh, though it sounded hollow in her own ears. \u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s impossible, isn\u8217\'92t it? The twins... they couldn\u8217\'92t have survived. Could they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Walther leaned back slightly, his expression thoughtful. He said nothing for a long while, letting the silence stretch between them. Madeleine was still caught in her memories, her mind lost in the past. He watched her with a look that was almost unreadable, his voice calm and measured when he finally spoke.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I suppose... it\u8217\'92s impossible to say. The dead don\u8217\'92t come back. But you\u8217\'92re right about one thing,\u8221\'94 he said, his eyes flicking toward her in a way that made her uneasy. \u8220\'93Eddie does look like him. And the timing... it\u8217\'92s too strange. Maybe there\u8217\'92s more to this than just coincidence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught in her throat at his words, and she turned to face him, her brow furrowed. But before she could respond, Walther continued, his voice soft and disarming.}
\par\plain {Madeleine felt the air grow heavier, her heart quickening. The question was too pointed, too insistent for her liking. But Walther wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t looking directly at her, his gaze fixed on his work as he stirred his own concoction. There was a faint smile tugging at the corners of his mouth, but it didn\u8217\'92t quite reach his eyes.}
\par\plain {She forced a tight smile of her own, feeling the walls around her mind shift slightly as she tried to steer the conversation away from Eddie, away from the uncomfortable path Walther was pushing her toward.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve known Eddie for a while now. But that\u8217\'92s all it is. Nothing more to it,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice steadier than she felt.}
\par\plain {Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile remained, but there was a flicker of something darker behind it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something that Madeleine didn\u8217\'92t quite catch. \u8220\'93I suppose you\u8217\'92re right,\u8221\'94 he said, though his voice was soft, almost too calm. \u8220\'93Still... interesting how someone who\u8217\'92s supposed to be dead, someone like Eddie, could be here. Out of all the places, to end up at Edenfield, of all universities. It\u8217\'92s almost as if fate has a hand in it, don\u8217\'92t you think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach churned, her thoughts racing, but she kept her expression neutral. \u8220\'93Fate doesn\u8217\'92t have anything to do with it. Eddie\u8217\'92s just a student like the rest of us,\u8221\'94 she said firmly, though the words felt hollow even to her own ears.}
\par\plain {Walther chuckled again, but it was quieter this time, more controlled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, sure. Just a student. But there\u8217\'92s something about him, don\u8217\'92t you think? Something that feels... different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine felt a coldness at the back of her neck. She was beginning to understand what Walther was getting at, but she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ready to confront it. Not yet. She didn\u8217\'92t want to entertain the idea, and she didn\u8217\'92t want to let him think he could manipulate her like this.}
\par\plain {Instead, she straightened up, brushing the unsettling thoughts from her mind. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think we\u8217\'92re both just getting a little too caught up in things,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone now sharper, though she kept it light. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s focus on finishing this assignment, shall we?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Walther raised an eyebrow, his smile lingering for just a moment longer than necessary before he nodded, the look in his eyes unreadable. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course. I was just curious, that\u8217\'92s all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine turned her attention back to her potion, but her mind was no longer in the room. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shake the sense that Walther\u8217\'92s questions had been more than idle curiosity, that they were leading somewhere she wasn\u8217\'92t ready to go. The feeling lingered, but she buried it under the surface, knowing that whatever Walther was up to, it wasn\u8217\'92t something she could deal with just yet.}
\par\plain {As the class continued, the conversation turned to other topics, but Madeleine couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite shake the feeling that something was amiss\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something was starting to unravel, and it all tied back to Eddie. }}