{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Torrie. It\u8217\'92s not that it doesn\u8217\'92t fascinate me,\u8221\'94 Eddie said finally, his voice strained. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s just... nothing else to discuss. I don\u8217\'92t know what else to say about her.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You used to be so eager to meet Aunt Catherine!\u8221\'94 Her eyes narrowed. Her voice rose, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d spend hours talking about her, sharing everything you learned from her with me. Now, you act like she\u8217\'92s just another stranger. She noticed it, too. Doesn\u8217\'92t that bother you?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Torrie\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Eddie\u8217\'92s face flushed, his patience wearing thin. He shook his head, frustrated by her insistence. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that simple. You don\u8217\'92t understand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t I?!\u8221\'94 Torrie\u8217\'92s voice cracked as she cut him off. Her whole body trembled, but she stood her ground. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t I understand what happened that day? The day Mom and Dad were called to your school out of nowhere? The day you left home grinning, rambling about alchemy like always, and then came back\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Her breath hitched. \u8220\'93Looking like something inside you had died!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie flinched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice wavered, but she pressed on, desperate. \u8220\'93You used to be passionate about Alchemy, Eddie. You used to talk about it like it was everything. You looked up to Aunt Catherine like she was some kind of hero\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even though you hadn\u8217\'92t seen her in years. Even though it would take decades before you got to meet her again, you still dreamed about it! You were going to share your research with her, show her everything you\u8217\'92d learned.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her hands trembled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But now you\u8217\'92re just\u8230\'85 empty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence hung between them, heavy, suffocating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you feel bad for her, Ed?\u8221\'94 Her voice cracked, raw with emotion. \u8220\'93Alchemy used to be your life. You used to dream about it. Chase it. And now you just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 She sucked in a shuddering breath. \u8220\'93Now you act like it\u8217\'92s nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She wiped at her face with the sleeve of her coat, her shoulders rising and falling as she struggled to keep control.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened to you?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw clenched. His fingers curled into fists. His whole body tensed like a wire stretched too tight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Enough!\u8221\'94 he shouted.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stood up, looking at Torrie, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want to know what happened? Do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie swallowed, her lips parting as if to speak, but no words came out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie let out a bitter laugh, shaking his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine. You want the truth? Here it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His hands trembled at his sides, but he forced himself to keep talking. The words came spilling out, like a wound torn open.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Back at Aella Academy\u8230\'85 when I was still a student there\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His hands curled tighter, fingernails digging into his palms.  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got a classmate named Davies. Arrogant, cruel\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he had everything handed to him, and he liked to remind people of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He especially liked tormenting Markus\u8230\'85. And Markus wasn\u8217\'92t as adept at magic as the rest of us. He was an easy target. And I was the only one who gave a damn about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He took a step forward, his voice rising. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t fit in either. I didn\u8217\'92t try to. But Markus\u8230\'85 He was my friend. My only real friend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked away, as if the memory was too much to face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One day, Davies pushed too far. He cornered Markus, humiliated him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 said he was leeching off me, that he had no right to even be there. He challenged Markus to a duel, knowing damn well he couldn\u8217\'92t win.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips parted slightly, but she said nothing. She just listened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie let out a ragged breath. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He never stood a chance. And I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I couldn\u8217\'92t just stand there. I was so goddamn angry, so sick of Davies, so tired of the way he tore people down just because he could.\u8221\'94 His voice cracked, but he forced himself to go on. \u8220\'93So I challenged him instead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned away for a moment, as if he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bear to look at her. \u8220\'93Davies laughed in my face. He was a Conjuration student\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everyone knew Alchemy wasn\u8217\'92t suited for dueling. I should\u8217\'92ve lost.\u8221\'94 He let out a shaky exhale. \u8220\'93I }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 should\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ve}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  lost.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence stretched between them, thick and suffocating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands trembled at her sides. \u8220\'93But you didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened. His throat ached, his vision blurred. He forced himself to meet her gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 he said, barely above a whisper. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His breath hitched, and he turned his hands over, staring at them as if they still carried the weight of that moment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t even know how it happened. One second, I was transmuting, trying to redirect his attack, and the next\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 His voice faltered. He shut his eyes, as if he could block out the memory, but it was burned into him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His face,\u8221\'94 Eddie whispered, the horror creeping back into his voice. \u8220\'93Half of it was }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 gone.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught in her throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There was nothing left but burns and warped flesh. His screams\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Eddie stopped himself, his whole body shuddering. \u8220\'93There was no coming back from it. And after that, I was expelled.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The word hung in the air like a sentence passed down in a courtroom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Aella Council called it black magic,\u8221\'94 he muttered, his voice hollow. \u8220\'93Said what I did was unnatural, dangerous. That I should\u8217\'92ve lost. That expelling me was easier than letting it turn into a scandal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie let out a bitter laugh, but there was no humor in it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you know what the worst part is?\u8221\'94 He looked up at Torrie, his eyes dark, haunted. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t even know if they were wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips trembled. \u8220\'93Eddie\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned away sharply. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now you know,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice thick with exhaustion. \u8220\'93Now you understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But still\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Torrie, took a step back. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve changed so much, Eddie. It\u8217\'92s like you\u8217\'92re not even the same person anymore.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I\u8217\'92m not.\u8221\'94 Panting and shaken, Eddie looked at her with regret and defiance.  \u8220\'93Maybe I can\u8217\'92t be the person I was before. You don\u8217\'92t know what it\u8217\'92s like to live with the consequences of your actions. And I hope you never.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a moment, the forest seemed to close around them, the weight of their argument pressing down on both of them. The glow of the Luminas felt colder, and the distance between them seemed to widen with every harsh word. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tears continued to flow, her voice a whisper of anguish. \u8220\'93I just... I wish you could see how much we still need that part of you, Eddie\u8230\'85 The part you\u8217\'92ve killed that day\u8230\'85 The part that believed in Alchemy and the good it could do.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is no good coming from it, Torrie.\u8221\'94 Eddie said finally, \u8220\'93Nothing\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The silence between Eddie and Torrie was thick, the weight of their argument still pressing down on them. The soft rustling of leaves, the distant hum of crickets\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everything felt muted, suffocated beneath unspoken words.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, a sharp noise\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 footsteps, fast and uneven, crushing through undergrowth. A breathless, ragged gasp broke the stillness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus burst through the trees, his silhouette illuminated by the golden glow of the Eden Flowers. His face was pale, streaked with sweat, his wide eyes darting wildly. He clutched his flintlock rifle with both hands, knuckles white, as if his grip was the only thing keeping him grounded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie!\u8221\'94 His voice cracked. His chest heaved, each breath short and desperate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie scrambled to his feet. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Markus?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus staggered forward, barely able to steady himself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 He choked on the words, forcing them out between gulps of air. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s in trouble. There\u8217\'92s something in there\u8230\'85 something huge!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}