{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The streets of Aetherell Reach blurred past him, gaslamps flickering like dying stars as he pushed himself forward, lungs burning, slippers slapping against stone. The chill of the northern district clawed at his skin\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 through his thin t-shirt, through his worn jacket\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as if the night itself wanted to slow him down.}
\par\plain {But he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop.}
\par\plain {His breath came in ragged bursts, each one sharp in his throat. The frost-bitten wind stung his eyes, numbed his fingers, howled past his ears like a warning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but still, he ran.}
\par\plain {He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d outrun Will and Ashley back at the quad, their shouts falling behind him, swallowed by the dark. He didn\u8217\'92t look back. Couldn\u8217\'92t bear the thought of losing time. Every second pounded louder than his footsteps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Please be alright.}
\par\plain {Aetherell Reach was quieter than usual. Windows shuttered. Market stalls empty. Only the occasional flutter of paper in the gutter or the creak of a distant weathervane marked the silence.}
\par\plain {He turned a corner too fast, nearly lost his footing on a slick patch of cobble, caught himself on a lamppost, and kept moving. His legs screamed, but his mind screamed louder.}
\par\plain {Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice echoed in his memory\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 panicked, cut short. That sound at the end. The static. Her breath catching.}
\par\plain {Something was wrong. Deeply wrong.}
\par\plain {The familiar row of stone apartments came into view up ahead, their rooftops hunched against the dark. Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s place was just beyond the iron arch with the ivy-covered wall, the one she\u8217\'92d once pointed out to him with a quiet smile and a joke about noisy upstairs neighbors.}
\par\plain {He passed beneath it now, breath ragged, eyes scanning every shadow, every doorway.}
\par\plain {And then he saw it.}
\par\plain {The phone booth.}
\par\plain {The door hung ajar. One panel of glass shattered at the base. The receiver swayed gently on its cord like a pendulum, clinking softly against the frame.}
\par\plain {Eddie slowed, chest heaving, heart somewhere in his throat.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine?\u8221\'94 he called out, voice hoarse. \u8220\'93Madeleine!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {No answer. Just the rustle of the ivy. The night.}
\par\plain {A dim glow pulsed from the jade ring on his right hand. Soft green lines curled outward from the gem, forming a faint, floating transmutation circle that hovered just above his knuckles.}
\par\plain {He inched forward.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flicked to the windows above. Empty. Dark. Watching.}
\par\plain {His fingers twitched at his sides. With each step, the weight in his chest grew heavier, the air colder. The transmutation circle sparked faintly as his boot brushed over broken glass.}
\par\plain {He reached the booth.}
\par\plain {Paused.}
\par\plain {Looked inside.}
\par\plain {And opened the door.}
\par\plain {It creaked\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 slow, deliberate, far too loud. He winced at the sound, then froze.}
\par\plain {Nothing.}
\par\plain {No sign of a struggle. No blood. }
\par\plain {Only a single object lay on the ground.}
\par\plain {Her wand.}
\par\plain {Abandoned. Resting in a small patch of frost just beneath the shattered glass, its wood chipped at the grip, still faintly warm with her magic.}
\par\plain {Eddie stared.}
\par\plain {The chill that ran through him now had nothing to do with the wind.}
\par\plain {He crouched slowly, picked up the wand, cradled it in both hands.}
\par\plain {His heart hammered in his ears. His mind screamed to reject the sight.}
\par\plain {She wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have left this behind.}
\par\plain {One of hers.}
\par\plain {Eddie dropped to his knees beside it, heart in freefall.}
\par\plain {The wand trembled in his hands.}
\par\plain {Footsteps pounded up behind him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Will and Ashley at last, their breaths ragged, eyes scanning the shadows.}
\par\plain {Ashley skidded to a stop, staff already in her grip, the silver crystal at its tip flickering with ready light. Will pulled his wand from his guitar bag, lips parted in alarm.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94 Ashley asked, voice low and sharp, scanning the street. \u8220\'93Where is she?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will moved closer, spotting the shattered booth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what\u8217\'92s going on? What did you see?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {But Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer.}
\par\plain {He stared down at the wand in his hands like it might vanish if he blinked. His lips parted, but no sound came out.}
\par\plain {Ashley stepped toward him, slower now, realizing something was deeply wrong. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s gone,\u8221\'94 he choked out.}
\par\plain {They both froze.}
\par\plain {Eddie looked up at them, and the guilt was written all over his face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 etched in deep, cracked lines like faultlines across stone.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is my fault,\u8221\'94 he whispered, voice fraying. \u8220\'93I should\u8217\'92ve seen it coming. I should\u8217\'92ve known something was wrong with Walther. I }{\f0\fs24\i1 did}{ know. I just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I thought\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He swallowed hard, shaking his head as if trying to rewind time.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 I should\u8217\'92ve stopped her.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {His fingers clenched around the wand.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should\u8217\'92ve told her not to go. If I hadn\u8217\'92t gone out that night, if I hadn\u8217\'92t let Walther fool me, none of this would have happened.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Will crouched down beside him, quieter now. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mate\u8230\'85 don\u8217\'92t do this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {But Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to hear him.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93none of this would have happened\u8230\'85 }{She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d still be here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Ashley knelt beside him, slowly, her staff still in one hand, the other reaching out to steady his trembling shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s okay, Eddie. Everyhting will be alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Even as she said it, the words rang hollow in her own ears.}
\par\plain {Because deep down, she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure they would.}
\par\plain {She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen the state of the booth. The blood smeared on the glass. The cold, unnatural silence that still hung in the air. And the way Eddie held that wand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like it was all he had left.}
\par\plain {But she said it anyway. Because Eddie needed her to.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath hitched, and he gave the smallest nod\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 barely a twitch of muscle, but enough.}
\par\plain {Behind them, Will stood at the edge of the pavement, silent.}
\par\plain {He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the type to say much in moments like these.}
\par\plain {Instead, he watched. Took in the way Ashley leaned into Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pain. The way Eddie clung to Madeleine\u8217\'92s wand like a lifeline. The way the wind didn\u8217\'92t dare blow too loud around them.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {For a moment, everything felt suspended.\line The streetlamp flickered. The city breathed in silence. Will didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move.\line It was like watching a dream dissolve into a nightmare. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {A voice cut through the quiet, sharp as a snapped string.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head turned slightly, brow furrowed at the interruption. A silhouette stood on the pavement just beyond the booth\u8217\'92s shattered edge\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tall, brisk, chin lifted with effortless command. Familiar in the worst way.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Will turned, half-annoyed already. The kind of voice you don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want in a moment like this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 too pointed, too knowing.\line \u8220\'93Friend went missing,\u8221\'94 he muttered, not really caring to explain. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s going on.\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The figure stepped closer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will opened his mouth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but then stopped mid-breath as the figure moved into the full lamplight.}
\par\plain {The figure was tall, poised, and unmistakably deliberate in every movement. A flannel tailored skirt hugged her frame, neat and pressed, paired with a deep navy wool blazer. Her shirt collar peeked crisp beneath it, fastened with a brooch shaped like a serpent swallowing its tail. }
\par\plain {Silky blonde hair fell in smooth waves past her shoulders, not a strand out of place despite the wind, as if the night itself dared not touch her. Even now, at this hour, on this street, she looked as if she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d walked straight out of a portrait hanging in the Chancellor\u8217\'92s Hall.}
\par\plain {Then Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach sank.}
\par\plain {Of course it was her.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aynesworth? The hell are you doing here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hell do you mean am I doing here? I live here!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Student Council President. Prefect of North Tower. Daughter of a minor noble house. She carried her titles like swords, sharp and gleaming, and she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d nearly had them all expelled three months ago after the incident in the library archives.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s missing?\u8221\'94 she repeated.}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression curdled. His jaw tightened.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s none of your business,\u8221\'94 he muttered coldly.}
\par\plain {But Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes weren\u8217\'92t on him.}
\par\plain {She stepped forward, drawn to the wand in Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands like iron to magnet. Her expression shifted\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an almost imperceptible crack in the polished veneer. Her lips parted just slightly.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s her wand,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {Ashley straightened. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow furrowed. The question followed, brittle and breathless. \u8220\'93Madeleine\u8217\'92s missing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will blinked, thrown. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait\u8230\'85 you knew Madeleine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Victoria tore her eyes from the wand just long enough to shoot him a look of exhausted disbelief.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, dumbass,\u8221\'94 she snapped. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s my roommate.\u8221\'94}}