{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marko: You should think about the future}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nadia: You should remember the past}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Them: You should enjoy the present}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One day, during one of the lesson, several names were called to the music room, this include Marco\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, apparently Mr. Hapsoro had called the students who can play music to the music room, there he briefed on the End of the Year Music Competition, and asked }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 who here can play music well?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  all the hands shot up, everyone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s confident}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who here wants to play at the end of the year music competition?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most of the hands still shot up, but there are severals who aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who here can play well with another instrument?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Half of the hand are up}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s here can play in a quartet?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fewer hands}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s here can play in a duet?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one raise their hands,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But then\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85. One hands shot up}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nadia.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marko contemplates, from the conversation he overhears, he remembers that she wants to perform at the End of Year Competition so badly, he also wants to perform as a classical guitarist before the third year}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But whatever he was thinking, it is daunting}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marko then raises his hand, he is in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::1>1. Introduction : }{\f1\fs36\b1\i0 rouse, wake up, get up <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 <$Scr_H::2>\tab Prologue: <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {The same as previous draft, of Marko going early to the Music\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room and practicing}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Opening Image: <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {Class Meeting, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s at the end of the semester for 1st year of highschool, Marko is going to 2nd year, there are huge festivities going on}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>\tab Theme Stated: <!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\tab }
\par\plain {There is an agenda at the main stage, there is an opening, there are so many bands playing}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {At the end, there is a Solo Performance from someone called Nadia Astria, }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {She plays a piece called Danse Macabre, the piece\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tone is quite depressing, but it\u8217\'92s beautiful}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {At the end of the playthrough, everyone is clapping and talking about her, Marko asked his best friend who that was, and he said that she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Nadia Astria, she has been playing piano everywhere for school and outside school, people said that she had been playing since she was a kid}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm must be cool,\u8221\'94 Marko said}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 His best friend asked what will he do at second year, Marko still not sure, his best friend said that he should do something with his guitar, Marko carries his guitar on special occasions, it is a shame if he never use it, Marko brush it off}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::2>Setups<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Fast forward a few years ago, it is a few weeks away from Midterms in second years }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marko wants to perform in a stage as a classical Guitarist, but he is nearing to finish his second year of highschool, if he don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do anything, he will miss the opportunity and never play in a stage in his highschool years.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then in the school halls, Marko overhears the conversation of the Music Teacher and the well-known good pianist in the whole year, Nadia. She said she wants to play at the end of the year at the Music Competitions, but Mr. Hapsoro said that the competition is only for Duets and Quartets, this includes the Piano. Saddened, Nadia walks out.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {A. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2. Development : }{\f0\fs24\b0 acquiesce, hear, listen to, be informed, receive}{ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3. Twist : }{\f0\fs24\b0 revolve, turn around, change}{ }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4. Conclusion : }{\f0\fs24\b0 \~result, consequence, outcome, effect, coming to fruition, bearing fruit, etc.}{ }}