{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air that hit Aruna as she stumbled from the lab\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hidden exit was thick with the smells of scorched earth and damp limestone. Before her, a landscape of impossible ruin stretched out under a bruised, violet sky. The ground was littered with shattered plazas and crumbling gateways, all centered around a sight that made her new, synthetic eyes widen: the colossal, stone head of a god, toppled from its throne and half-buried in the earth, its serene expression now facing the heavens in silent judgment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was in a valley of giants, a graveyard of forgotten deities. Fear, a cold and familiar companion from the moment she awoke, tightened its grip. She didn't know this place, this world, or even herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A harsh, metallic voice sliced through her paralysis. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Unit designation unrecognized. Cease all movement. Comply."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aruna spun, every synthetic muscle in her body locking. Two sleek, black robots stood not far from her, their weapon-arms already raised and leveled at her chest. Their red optic sensors were static points of light, devoid of anything but analysis. They began to advance, not with a human walk, but with an unnatural, synchronized glide over the broken terrain, their forms cutting a stark profile against the rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Wait!" Aruna shouted, "Please, you're making a mistake. I... I'm lost." She gestured vaguely at the valley of ruined gods, then down at her own chrome and porcelain hands. "I just woke up here. I don't know this place. If you could just... point me somewhere safe, I'll be on my way. I was never here!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was no shift in their posture, no flicker of understanding in their optics. They simply stopped, holding their position, weapons humming softly. The lead unit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s speaker crackled. "Negative. Hostile rhetoric detected. This is your final warning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just then, a third android stepped into view from behind a crumbled gateway. Its chassis was heavier, its shoulder plates marked with stark, white chevrons. It regarded the scene with a slow, sweeping scan of its optic sensor. The two troopers swiveled their heads toward it in perfect, instantaneous unison.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Status report}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ," the commander demanded, its voice a lower, more resonant monotone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Designation unrecognized}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ," the lead trooper replied. "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Non-compliant. Awaiting directive}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The commander\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s red eye settled on Aruna. It was a glance that lasted no more than a second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Directive: Neutralize it}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In their cold calculus, she wasn't a person, just a problem to be erased. A wave of pure, abject hopelessness washed over her. This was it. This was her end, just moments after her beginning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A curt, binary screech echoed from the commander, and the two troopers snapped their rifles into firing position. Crimson glow radiated from their barrels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A volley of crimson energy bolts screamed toward her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, the world erupted in light and sound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A sound like a cathedral bell struck by lightning shattered the air. A blur of alabaster and gold descended from the bruised sky, not just intercepting the blasts, but shattering them. A great wing, built of the same impossible porcelain as her own skin, deflected the energy bolts with a series of sharp, resonant pings that sent scarlet flares scattering across the ruins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mysterious savior landed between her and the troopers with impossible grace\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 a great mechanical eagle}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , its golden accents gleaming against the encroaching dusk. In the same fluid motion as its landing, it lunged with lethal precision. Its golden talons, sharp as scalpels, struck the commander\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s optic sensor with the precision of a rifle. The commander unit spasmed violently, its limbs locking as its systems catastrophically failed, and it collapsed into a heap of dead metal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two remaining troopers froze, their barrels still smoking. Their programming screamed at them to fire, but their target was obscured, and their commander was gone. Their logic loops shattered, they could only stand, twitching, recalibrating in confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The eagle then perched atop a tree, looking at Aruna below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "My analysis suggested a 97.4% probability that verbal negotiation would be ineffective," it stated, its voice a calm, synthesized tenor that was the most calming sound Aruna had ever heard since her awakening. "I apologize for the delay in my intervention. I was calculating the optimal moment for an entrance."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What... Who are you?" she stammered, taking a half-step back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93D-did you just speak?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I am designation EG-5077, also known as }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Eagle}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ," it replied, turning back to face the remaining troopers, who were now smoking. "That is of secondary importance. My primary objective is your continued function and health."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "My function? }{Is that what I am now?" Aruna held up her hands. "A machine to be kept running like some bloody computer? Didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you see those things were going to kill me?!" }
\par\plain {"Predictable outcome," Eagle stated flatly. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Those machines are Trooper Units. Part of the Karma's network, They perceive you as an anomaly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Anomaly? Wh-\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 Aruna stopped, \u8220\'93W-Why? Why me? I don't even know who I am! How\u8217\'92d I get here? And how\u8217\'92d I become an \u8220\'93Anomaly\u8221\'94!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the first time, the machine hesitated. It tilted its head, its optic lenses dilating slightly. "It seemed that your data banks is fragmented. But one thing is certain.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eagle then fluttered down, now perching on top of the remains of one of the Troopers, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If answer regarding your identity is what you seek. Then your name... is Aruna. That is what I was told to refer to you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Told?\u8221\'94 Aruna asked, \u8220\'93By who-\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before she could grasp the anchor of that single word, a burst of harsh, coded chatter erupted from the fallen trooper's comms unit. Eagle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head snapped towards the sound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "They are requesting heavy reinforcements," it announced, its calm tone finally tinged with urgency. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m afraid I cannot provide you with more informations for we have to leave. Immediately."}}