{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie pushed forward, the golden glow of the Eden Flowers fading behind him as he crossed into the dark embrace of the Illusory Forest. His breath came fast, his pulse hammering in his ears. The rifle weighed heavy in his hands, but he barely noticed. He had no time to think\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only to run.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The forest closed around him, thick with gnarled roots and twisting branches that reached for him like grasping fingers. Overgrown bushes snagged at his coat, thorns scraping against his skin, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop. Every rustling leaf, every whisper of movement sent a fresh jolt of fear through his spine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine was in here. Somewhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Nightingale Dragon was in here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A branch snapped behind him. Eddie spun, rifle raised, heart hammering against his ribs. Nothing. Just the shadows shifting, the wind curling through the trees. He swallowed hard, forcing himself to keep moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 movement to his right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie whirled, pulling the hammer of his flintlock back with a sharp click, aiming into the darkness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something was there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A shape, barely visible through the gloom, shifting between the trees. Then, it stepped forward into the faint sliver of moonlight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s an owl. At least, it looked like one. White-feathered, round-faced, black eyes reflecting the dim light. Eddie exhaled sharply, lowering the rifle slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then the owl turned its head. Further than it should have. Tilting it in an unnatural, unsettling way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip tightened on the rifle. The creature blinked at him, and only then did he see its body in full\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a pair of powerful, feathered forelimbs pressing into the earth, another set of taloned hind legs shifting beneath its weight. It wasn\u8217\'92t perched on a branch. It was standing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the size of a horse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stood frozen, his pulse thundering in his ears. A shudder crawled down his spine, but he forced himself to refocus. The fear clawing at his chest wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help Catherine. He had to keep moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, where the owl-beast had stood, he saw it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A white column, fractured and ancient, standing among the tangled roots. A ruin, half-buried in time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was close.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Steeling himself, Eddie pressed on, deeper into the dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His breath coming in short, sharp gasps. The rifle felt heavier in his hands now, the weight dragging at his arms, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t slow. The ruins had to mean something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was getting close.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, through the shifting shadows of the forest, he saw it. Another column. Stark white, fractured by time, rising from the tangle of roots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He ran past it, his boots crunching over fallen leaves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another column.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow furrowed. His mind struggled to place it. Had there been two? Had he miscounted?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He kept moving, branches clawing at his sleeves, the whisper of unseen creatures brushing past his ears. His pace quickened, his pulse hammering as the trees thinned for a brief moment\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And another column loomed ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach twisted. He was sure now. The jagged break along its top, the way the roots coiled around its base\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the same column.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sucked in a breath, pushing forward despite the tight knot of unease forming in his chest. Maybe if he just kept moving. Maybe if he ran faster\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another column.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s steps faltered. His hands clenched into fists. The realization crawled under his skin like ice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn it!\u8221\'94 The word ripped from his throat as he hurled the rifle to the ground, the impact kicking up dirt and dead leaves. His vision blurred with frustration, his pulse a roar in his ears. He dropped to his knees, fingers curling into fists as he punched the earth. Once. Twice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ground beneath him did not yield. The forest did not shift. The column still stood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His chest heaved as he gritted his teeth, hands trembling against the damp soil. His breath came ragged, his thoughts spiraling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And if he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find a way out soon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So will Catherine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie curled in on himself, his breath slowing as the weight of frustration settled over him. His fingers pressed into the damp earth, cold and unyielding beneath his touch. He had no plan. No way forward. No way out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, something caught his eye\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a glint of silver against his chest. It was his ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It still hung from its chain, resting against his collarbone. A simple thing, jade set in silver, smooth and worn from years of absentminded touch. He reached up and unhooked the chain, pulling the ring free. It felt heavier than he remembered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How long had he carried this? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned it over in his palm, the jade catching the faintest traces of light that slipped through the trees. He had always known it was more than just an heirloom. It was a conduit\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a stable and powerful one, more reliable than any wand or staff he had ever held. He had used it before. Back in the academy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His lips parted slightly at the thought, a memory unfurling like a page turning in his mind. He could see himself hunched over workbenches, vials bubbling, chalk scratched across slate. The endless nights spent refining formulas, the competitions that drove him forward, testing himself against others in his pursuit of alchemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of those competitions had taken him to Edenfield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had left Weshaven for the first time, stepping into a city far grander, far more modern than his home. Weshaven was small, familiar, a town of fishermen and merchants. But Edenfield\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Edenfield was different. Towers rising against the sky, the weight of history pressing down upon its streets, magic humming in every stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had stood there, a boy from a port town in the corner of the world, he promised himself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 one day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One day, he would get out of Weshaven. One day, he would make it to Edenfield. Not as a visitor. Not as an outsider. But as a student of its oldest academy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A dry, bitter laugh escaped his lips.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 What a stupid, naive dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked down at the ring again, still resting in his palm. The same as it had always been. The same size, the same weight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slowly, almost hesitantly, he slipped it onto his index finger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It still fit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ring settled against his finger, a snug, familiar weight. Eddie flexed his hand, staring at it for a moment longer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, something flickered in the corner of his eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A glow. Faint, but unmistakable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stiffened, his breath catching in his throat. He turned his head, searching the darkness. There\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just beyond the trees, past the twisted roots and shifting shadows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a golden shimmer pulsed, like the last light of a dying ember.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without thinking, he reached for his rifle, brushing off the dirt before slinging it back over his shoulder. His boots crunched against the damp earth as he pushed forward, drawn toward the glow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The forest twisted around him, branches stretching like skeletal fingers, the air thick with the scent of moss and damp leaves. The glow remained steady, leading him forward, past the pale columns that had mocked him only moments before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then, he saw it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A single Eden Flower.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie came to a halt, frowning. The golden petals glowed softly, swaying ever so slightly as if stirred by an unseen breeze. It stood alone, its light delicate yet defiant against the gloom of the Illusory Forest.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 What the hell is it doing here?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eden Flowers never grew alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had seen them in thick clusters, blooming in vibrant patches along the gates of the forest and dotting the Traveller\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path like fallen stars. They flourished in groups, never isolated. Never like this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stared at the glowing flower, his mind racing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine had gone into the forest with a light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A golden light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just like this one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thought struck him with a mix of excitement and doubt. It was stupid. It was ridiculous. But what if\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what if Catherine had taken the glow of the Eden Flowers into the Illusory Forest to bypass its effects?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie exhaled sharply. He had no other choice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slowly, he extended his hand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the one wearing the ring\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and cupped the delicate flower. The golden glow spilled over his fingers, seeping into his skin like liquid light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, something shifted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The jade on his ring pulsed with a faint luminescence, a deep green glow blooming within the stone. The Eden Flower brightened in response, its golden light intensifying until it was nearly blinding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie's breath hitched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before he could comprehend what was happening, the light detached from the flower, gathering into a swirling, luminous orb in the palm of his hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He curled his fingers slightly, watching as the ball of light hovered weightlessly above his skin, pulsing like a steady heartbeat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie swallowed, turning back toward the looping white pillars. He had no proof this would work. No guarantee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But it was worth a try.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped forward, the golden light casting long, flickering shadows across the trees. His boots crunched over the earth, his heart hammering in his chest as he braced for the familiar sight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the same damn white column mocking him yet again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instead, a white stone sign stood before him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stopped, his breath catching. He blinked, his eyes adjusting to the unexpected sight. The sign was carved with an inscription, the letters curling in an elegant, foreign script. He had broken free.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie lifted his gaze, his chest tightening as he took in what lay ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beyond the sign, a ruin stretched before him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ancient, crumbling, swallowed by time and shadow. The air was thick with dust, and the scent of aged stone filled his lungs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A deep, guttural roar split the silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ground trembled. Somewhere within the ruins, stone collapsed in a thunderous crash.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulse pounded in his ears. He took the rifle that was slinged on his back, and made his way into the ruins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine might be there.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}