{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {"Grandma?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85" the girl's voice was small, a half-whisper. "What if... what if I'm not good at it? What if I\u8217\'92m not good at anything?"}
\par\plain {Golden late-afternoon light filtered through the car window. Dust danced in the sunbeams, lazy and slow. The girl sat in the back seat, the leather seat worn smooth under her small hands. Beside her, her grandmother smelled of jasmine tea and cloves.}
\par\plain {Outside, endless green rice paddies spread as far as the eyes could see. The rhythmic thumping of the tires on the asphalt a steady heartbeat.}
\par\plain {"Every soul chooses its path long before it arrives," Her grandmother said, her voice a gentle, soothing melody. }
\par\plain {"Some paths are smooth,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She continued, \u8220\'93Some are hidden behind shadows. But none are without purpose. You must not doubt yours. Your destiny is great ahead of you."}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 The girl said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not as smart as father\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 her voice lowers, \u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m not as beautiful as mom\u8230\'85 then how can my destiny be great?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Her grandmother smiled, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should worry not about other people, sweetie.\u8221\'94 She leaned closer and hold her hands tighter, \u8220\'93Your destiny is only yours to take. Not anyone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The girl leaned into her grandmother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s embrace, the familiar scent of jasmine enveloping her. It felt like the safest place in the universe. }
\par\plain {She rested her head on that soft, strong shoulder, the gentle rocking of the car and the steady }{\f0\fs24\i1 thump-thump}{ of the tires lulling her into a deep comfort. She closed her eyes, letting sleep take her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Thump-thump...}
\par\plain {The sound began to change.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Thump... hisss...}
\par\plain {The rhythm of the tires slowed down. It became a deep, low, resonant frequency. The smell of jasmine and cloves evaporated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Hiss... clunk...}
\par\plain {A coldness seeped into her, a profound, unnatural chill. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Where was the warmth I felt earlier? }{\f0\fs24\i0 The girl might thought,}{ she felt encased by something smooth, hard, and metallic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Her eyes snapped open.}
\par\plain {There was only white.}
\par\plain {A curved, frosted glass panel sat an inch from her face, clouded with a thin layer of ice.}
\par\plain {Dim, blue-white light filtered through it. She was on her back, confined, her arms pinned to her sides. A faint, rhythmic beeping echoed in the tight space, synchronized with a slow, pulsing light somewhere beyond her feet. }
\par\plain {She was in a box. A coffin of ice and light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 And she was utterly, terrifyingly alone.}
\par\plain {A hiss of depressurizing gas, the frosted glass panel hissed upwards, retracting into the ceiling of the pod with a decisive }{\f0\fs24\i1 clunk}{. }
\par\plain {The sterile, blue-white light of the interior was replaced by a dim, dusty gray, thick with the silence of a tomb. Momentarily, she just lay there, blinking, her breath still misting in the frigid air escaping the pod.}
\par\plain {Slowly, stiffly, she sat upright. A cascade of brittle, yellowed wires and suction cups peeled away from her skin, falling onto the padded interior with dry, rustling sounds. She looked around.}
\par\plain {She was in a large room. Wires snaked across the floor like dead vines, and overturned tables were strewn with shattered glassware and dark, silent computer monitors. }
\par\plain {It was a laboratory long abandoned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 A place where something had ended a long long time ago.}
\par\plain {"Where\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 am I?" she whispered, her voice raspy, unused.}
\par\plain {A strange sensation, a feeling of being blanketed in something heavy and cool. }
\par\plain {She swung her legs over the side of the pod to stand, expecting the familiar touch of hospital gown cotton against her skin.}
\par\plain {Instead her legs felt\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 wrong.}
\par\plain {Her legs were not her own. They were crafted from a smooth, milky-white material that looked like porcelain but felt like steel, gleaming faintly in the dim light. }
\par\plain {Intricate golden lines, like circuitry or filigree, traced their way down the impossibly perfect contours of her shins and thighs.}
\par\plain {She stepped out of the pod. Her bare feet met the cold, tiled floor with a sharp, resonant }{\f0\fs24\i1 clink}{. The sound echoed in the dead quiet of the lab.}
\par\plain {Her heart ran faster, hot and suffocating. }{\f0\fs24\i1 This was a suit. It had to be.}{ She thought, }{\f0\fs24\i1 Some kind of strange, tight-fitting suit.}{ She brought her hands up to her chest to find a seam, a zipper, anything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and stopped dead.}
\par\plain {Her hands, her arms, her torso\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they were all the same. White, lustrous porcelain-metal, etched with gold. She saw the delicate, mechanical articulation of her own knuckles, the subtle whir of a tiny servo in her wrist as she turned her hand over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "No,"}{ she breathed, her voice trembling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 It wasn't a suit.}
\par\plain {Frantically, she began to scrub at her own arm, her }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93fingernails\u8221\'94}{ scraping uselessly against the unyielding, foreign surface. "Get it off," she whimpered, the words catching in her throat. }{\f0\fs24\i1 "Get it off me!"}
\par\plain {She clawed at her shoulders, her stomach, her legs, a rising tide of desperation making her movements clumsy and violent. The material didn't give. It didn't even scratch. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 It was her. }
\par\plain {The cold, hard material moving under her frantic touch was connected to her thoughts, her intentions. It was her body.}
\par\plain {A strangled sob escaped her lips and her legs gave out. She fell, hard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 CLANG!}
\par\plain {The noise of her metallic knees hitting the tiled floor was deafening, a sickening percussion of metal on stone that shot up her new spine. The sound was so profoundly wrong, so inhuman, that it shattered the last of her composure.}
\par\plain {She hugs this strange, cold body that wasn't hers. Tears streamed down her face, hot against her human face, dripping onto the impassive white metal of her own chest. The sobs wracked her, A series of shuddering mechanical jolts that shook her entire frame.}
\par\plain {"What..." she choked out, her voice breaking. }{\f0\fs24\i1 "What happened to me?"}
\par\plain {It was then she saw it. On the polished, reflective metal of the floor plating, darkened by grime but still able to cast a warped image, was a reflection. }
\par\plain {A girl with her face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a tear-streaked, terrified face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stared back. But it was a stranger's face. }
\par\plain {The eyes were hers, maybe, but the set of her jaw, the shape of her cheeks, they were unfamiliar. It was like looking at a photograph of someone she was supposed to know but didn't.}
\par\plain {Her crying subsided into a hollow, empty silence. She stared at the stranger on the floor, a porcelain doll with her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Who\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 am I?"}}