{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {"You what?!" Madeleine shrieked, her eyes wide with disbelief. She nearly dropped her cup of tea on the lawn, but just managed to catch it before it hit the ground.}
\par\plain {Eddie watched her in a mixture of amusement and unease, wondering just how much of a surprise it really was. "I dueled Walther this morning," he said, his voice steady, as though the whole thing hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just nearly spiraled out of control.}
\par\plain {Madeleine blinked, obviously perplexed. She glanced at him, her brows furrowed, clearly trying to process what he just said. "You... You }{\f0\fs24\i1 what}{?" she repeated, still in shock.}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded, shifting slightly on his feet. "Yeah, it was... spontaneous," he muttered, unsure of how to explain what had just happened. "We were on the rooftop, and it kind of escalated."}
\par\plain {Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression turned to concern. She set her tea down carefully on the table, her hands shaking a little. "Are you okay? Did he hurt you?" Her voice was urgent now, filled with worry.}
\par\plain {Eddie shook his head quickly, though the tension in his chest remained. "I'm fine. I... I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hurt him either." His words sounded more reassuring than he felt.}
\par\plain {At that, Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face twisted with anger. "}{\f0\fs24\i1 That prick!}{" she cursed under her breath, her eyes flashing with something far sharper than Eddie had ever seen before. "He shouldn't have done that! Not only is it dangerous, but it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f0\fs24\i1 against the rules}{\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you read the student handbook?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Umm i don\u8217\'92t think so\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Eddie\u8217\'92s brow furrowed slightly. "I didn\u8217\'92t think it would get that far. He... He pushed me." He paused, then added quietly, "He was trying to get me to use more of my magic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like some sort of test. I didn\u8217\'92t really have a choice."}
\par\plain {Madeleine exhaled sharply, frustration and concern blending in her expression. "Eddie, this isn't the sort of place where you throw magic around for fun. You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t duel other students without permission\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 especially not with someone like Walther. He's dangerous."}
\par\plain {Eddie winced, her words hitting harder than he expected. "I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want it to go that way. I didn\u8217\'92t... I didn\u8217\'92t even know he was going to turn the railings into snakes." His voice trailed off, the memory of the shifting metal serpents still vivid in his mind.}
\par\plain {Madeleine huffed, rubbing a hand over her face. "Of course he would do that. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s exactly the kind of thing he\u8217\'92d do to mess with someone. It\u8217\'92s not just about power, Eddie. It\u8217\'92s about control. He wants to see how far he can push you before you break." She shook her head in frustration. "But you should\u8217\'92ve come to me first. We could\u8217\'92ve figured something out, without you risking getting yourself expelled!"}
\par\plain {Eddie bit his lip, knowing she was right. "I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to cause a scene," he admitted, though it sounded like a poor excuse even to him.}
\par\plain {Madeleine's gaze was sharp as she looked at Eddie, her arms crossed over her chest, her voice firm. "What were you thinking, accepting Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dueling offer?" she asked, disbelief lacing her tone.}
\par\plain {Eddie hesitated for a moment, then shrugged, trying to sound more confident than he felt. "I wanted to prove myself," he said, his voice steady but with a hint of uncertainty. "I figured if I could win against him, it would proof that I can handle my magic, that I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not just some weak first-year."}
\par\plain {Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, and her lips pressed into a thin line. "Eddie, that\u8217\'92s not the way to do it," she said firmly, her voice tinged with concern. "Fighting him just to prove something? That\u8217\'92s not how you learn to control your magic. You don\u8217\'92t have to prove anything to anyone, especially not him."}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened, a flash of frustration flickering in his eyes. "But if I can manage to defeat him in a duel, then maybe my Harmonisation Ritual for the finals will go smoothly. I can prove to myself that I\u8217\'92m capable of handling my own magic, that I can keep it under control when it counts."}
\par\plain {Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression softened but remained concerned. "There are other ways to practice, Eddie," she argued, her voice gentle but insistent. "You don\u8217\'92t need to duel with the risk of getting hurt or, worse, killed. Magic is powerful, and it can be dangerous, especially when you\u8217\'92re just starting to tap into it. You don\u8217\'92t have to prove anything to yourself like that."}
\par\plain {Eddie sighed, his frustration bubbling up again. "I thought of no other ways," he admitted, his voice lowering as he looked down at the ground. "Every time I try, it feels like I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not making any progress, Madeleine. Maybe this way I can actually... I don\u8217\'92t know, feel like I\u8217\'92ve accomplished something. Like I\u8217\'92m actually good enough for this place."}
\par\plain {Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression softened further, but there was a sadness in her eyes now. "Eddie, you }{\f0\fs24\i1 are}{ good enough. You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to do this to prove it. You don\u8217\'92t need to fight someone just to show you can handle your magic. There are other ways, better ways. You don\u8217\'92t have to put yourself in danger like that."}
\par\plain {For a moment, Eddie said nothing, the weight of her words sinking in. But he still felt a tinge of doubt gnawing at him. He wanted to be sure. He wanted to know that he was strong enough, that he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just some accidental fluke.}
\par\plain {Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders slumped slightly, and she exhaled, the fight draining from her. "Look, I... I just care about you, okay?" she said quietly, her tone softening as she placed a hand gently on his arm. "I don\u8217\'92t want you to get hurt. I don\u8217\'92t want you to feel like you have to do this to prove something. You have your own strengths, Eddie. You don\u8217\'92t need to force them. Please, don\u8217\'92t risk it."}
\par\plain {Eddie met her gaze, her concern clearly written across her face. He felt a pang of guilt but also something else\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something like relief. He knew she was right. Deep down, he knew this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the right way to handle things, but the pressure of the upcoming finals had made him lose sight of that.}
\par\plain {As Eddie and Madeleine sat there, the air between them still heavy with unspoken words, the sound of footsteps approached, and soon Will and Ashley appeared, rounding the corner. Will, ever the energetic one, immediately noticed Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sulking expression and raised an eyebrow with a teasing grin.}
\par\plain {"You two have a fight or something?" Will asked, unable to hide the amusement in his voice.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face immediately flushed, and he quickly waved a hand. "Knock it off, Will," he muttered, clearly embarrassed by the thought of the conversation being dragged into teasing territory. He glanced at Madeleine, unsure whether he was more embarrassed by her silent reaction or by Will\u8217\'92s antics.}
\par\plain {Ashley, trailing behind Will, glanced between the two, immediately sensing the tension. She gave Eddie a wide-eyed look, clearly more concerned than amused. Her face paled slightly, her voice a bit shaky as she addressed the pair. "What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s going on? Why does it feel like there\u8217\'92s a storm cloud over here?"}
\par\plain {Madeleine, always quick with her sarcasm when she was annoyed, replied dryly, "Excuse me," she said with a mock tone, "But your roommate just got into a duel. Are you not concerned?"}
\par\plain {Will, far from intimidated, burst out laughing, his enthusiasm bubbling over. "Yo what?!" he exclaimed, his eyes lighting up with excitement. "My man! Ed, did you win?"}
\par\plain {Eddie rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. "It was a draw," he muttered, glancing at Madeleine to gauge her reaction. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exactly the victory he had hoped for, but he didn\u8217\'92t want to dwell on it too much, especially not in front of Will.}
\par\plain {Will let out a dramatic sigh, looking slightly disappointed but still clearly impressed. "A draw?" he said, shaking his head. "Man, I thought you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d go full beast mode, Eddie!" He gave Eddie a playful shove, clearly proud of him. "Still, you must\u8217\'92ve done something cool, right?"}
\par\plain {Ashley, however, looked like she had just seen a ghost. Her face was pale, her eyes wide with fear. She took a step closer to Eddie, her voice trembling slightly. "A duel? Eddie, you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what were you thinking?" she exclaimed, her usual calmness nowhere to be found. "That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 dangerous}{! What if you had gotten hurt?"}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s awkward smile faltered as he turned to her, his embarrassment shifting into something more genuine. "I didn\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92d get that out of hand," he said, trying to downplay the tension. "I just wanted to prove to myself I could control my magic."}
\par\plain {Madeleine stepped in before Ashley could say anything else, her tone more measured but still pointed. "It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t worth it, Will. Eddie\u8217\'92s lucky he didn\u8217\'92t get seriously hurt."}
\par\plain {Will, still smiling, gave a half shrug, clearly not grasping the full gravity of the situation. "I mean, come on, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just a duel, right? A little friendly competition, nothing to worry about."}
\par\plain {But Ashley, still rattled, wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so convinced. She crossed her arms tightly and shot a look at Will, clearly unimpressed. "It\u8217\'92s not just \u8216\'91a little friendly competition.\u8217\'92 People get }{\f0\fs24\i1 killed}{ in duels, Will! Eddie could\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been hurt!"}
\par\plain {Will raised his hands in mock surrender. "Alright, alright," he said, flashing a grin, though his excitement had definitely been tempered by Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reaction. "I get it. Still, Eddie, you have to tell me more about this duel later. I can\u8217\'92t believe you actually went through with it!"}
\par\plain {Eddie shrugged, still feeling a little awkward about it all. "Yeah, well, let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just leave it at that," he said, hoping the subject would change. He was still trying to wrap his mind around the fact that he\u8217\'92d actually dueled Walther at all. "A draw\u8217\'92s good enough for me." }}