{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b1\i0 Who wants what? Why can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t they have it?}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Catherine wants to get the Artefact of the Groville ruins}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b1\i0 What will they do to get it?}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 By going to the illusory forest}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b1\i0 Who Cares? What happen if they don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t get it?}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Catherine cares, because if she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get it, the Merchants won\u8217\'92t pay her, and she won\u8217\'92t be able to pay her ticket back to Edenfield.}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b1\i0 What is the good news?}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The road is mostly safe because of the Travellers Road}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b1\i0 What is the bad news?}
\par\plain \f1\fs20\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The Dragon still lurks}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs20\b1\i0 Chapter specific}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Eddie just want to get through the journey in peace, but Catherine keeps pressing on about his Flintlock, and if he don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t engage, the atmosphere }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Streamwyrm}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \line Scene starts at Gunther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s farm as they departed, it was still noon\line \line Setup by Old man Gunther about the dangers of The Deep Glaive\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 1. They arrived at Gunther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Farm, it was noon}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 2. Catherine borrowed Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s money, saying that she is out, there is a banter between Eddie and Catherine, Catherine saying that is why she accepted the gig in the first place}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 3. Old man Gunther said about the danger of The Deep Glaive, how sometimes there are some creatures coming out of there, and it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s easy to get lost if you\u8217\'92re not well versed in magic}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 4.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 6.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 7.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 8.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0}