{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie puts his hands on his pocket. His jacket provides warmth, although very little, grounding him. Around him, the dock bustled with quiet energy. Dockhands shouted to one another as they secured the ship. Travellers called out farewells to loved ones, and crates thudded against wood as loaded into the cargo hold. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {It had been a month since the letter arrived. Four weeks of disbelief gave way to frantic preparation. The moment he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d torn open the envelope and read those words of acceptance, his life had shifted course. Edenfield. The dream he never dared believe had now shaped into a real, tangible future.}
\par\plain {The days since had passed in a whirlwind of small, purposeful actions. Eddie spent his mornings helping at the apothecary. Grinding herbs, mixing tinctures, and packing powders, the clink of glass bottles was a constant soundtrack. Every coin he earned went straight into supplies. Notebooks bound in sturdy leather, glass vials neatly padded in cloth, pencils, and a second-hand satchel that looked worn but sturdy enough to last.}
\par\plain {His evenings were spent poring over Emma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s letter. Which he had read so many times that the folds were beginning to fray. }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You have been assigned a place in the Sage\u8217\'92s Institute dormitory. A modest allowance will be provided to support you as you settle.\u8221\'94}{ Modest was right\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much, but Eddie wasn\u8217\'92t about to complain. It would cover food, at least for a while, and that was more than enough. He had spent hours calculating how far he could stretch the funds. He made lists and crossed them out as he reprioritised them.}
\par\plain {His world had narrowed into sharp focus for the first time: prepare, save, plan. The quiet, routine rhythms of Weshaven had taken on a sense of urgency. Eddie hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t allowed himself a moment to think too deeply about what lay ahead. There was too much to do, too little time to waste.}
\par\plain {But now the time was up.}
\par\plain {Now, standing on the old wooden docks of Weshaven. That month of frenzied preparation felt like it had vanished in an instant. The morning was still and quiet, as though the world was holding its breath. A light mist hung thick in the air, softening the edges of everything. Blurring the familiar shapes of the docks. The distant steamships and the endless sea stretching out into the unknown. Eddie shifted the strap of his satchel over his shoulder. The weight of the bag grounded him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d crammed everything he would need to start his life at Edenfield into that one bag.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Eddie reached the bustling harbor, the salty sea breeze ruffled Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hair while he approached the ticket booth, ticket in hand. Behind him loomed a magnificent ship destined for Edenfield, its sails billowing in the wind like a giant, proud creature. Eddie gazed up in awe, knowing himself will aboard such a vessel, a prospect that seemed closer than ever as he passed his entrance exam.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horn echoed across the misty harbor, a low, resounding call that sent a shiver through the wooden planks beneath their feet. The cold morning air was thick with salt and silence as Eddie turned to face each of his family member, her usual grin softened by something more tender.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The faint scent of the sea mingled with the damp wood and iron, seeping into his thoughts and bringing a pang to his chest. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d grown up with these smells. The gentle lapping of the tide against the docks, the sharp cry of gulls overhead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the lullaby of home, the rhythm of a life that felt so steady before everything began to change.}
\par\plain {Eddie took a slow breath, filling his lungs as though trying to memorise everything. Weshaven had been his whole world for as long as he could remember. It was strange to think that it would be behind him by the end of the day. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be on his way to Edenfield\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 Edenfield,}{ he thought again. As though testing the word on his tongue\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to begin whatever awaited him there.}
\par\plain {Eddie gripped the strap of his satchel a little tighter. The rough canvas bit into his palm, grounding him. Around him, the dock bustled with quiet energy. Dockhands shouted to one another as they secured the ship. Travellers called out farewells to loved ones, and crates thudded against wood as loaded into the cargo hold.}
\par\plain {This was it.}
\par\plain {He took a steadying breath. A sharp tang of salt air filled his lungs as he stepped closer to the gangway. It stretched upward like a bridge into the unknown. A narrow passage into a future he could barely picture. The ship groaned against its moorings as if impatient to set sail. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart thudded in his chest, each beat louder than the last, matching the rhythmic hiss of steam from the ship\u8217\'92s engine.}
\par\plain {He glanced back for just a moment. His family was close by\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his mother and father, standing a little apart but close enough to feel at home. Torrie was walking beside him, her face slightly hidden in the folds of her hood. And her footsteps were too light, too quiet for him to hear unless he focused. Markus and Lydia were beside them, quiet too, though he could feel their presence, their shared weight of the moment, as if this was a silent pact between them all.}
\par\plain {He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d wanted to go to Edenfield for so long. The city with its history, the ancient university, the promise of magic and mystery. All those things called to him like a flame, lighting the path forward. He wanted to prove himself. He wanted to show everyone, including himself, that he was worthy of the life he was about to enter. But here, in the heavy mist, with the sea mist curling around the edges of the platform and his family walking alongside him, he felt the pull of home more than ever.}
\par\plain {And yet, as much as his heart tugged toward the small coastal town, his mind pulled him toward the unknown. Deep down, he knew there was more out there for him. More than what Weshaven could offer, more than the life he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lived so far. But leaving it behind was a difficult thing to face.}
\par\plain {For a moment, he hesitated. His gaze drifted back across the harbour to the clustered rooftops of Weshaven. Mist still softened their edges. This was the town he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d known all his life, the familiar rhythm of the sea and the streets a constant comfort. Now, it seemed distant, as though he were already halfway gone.}
\par\plain {Standing next to him, Torrie gripped his arm, her fingers digging into his sleeve. Eddie glanced down at his little sister. Her eyes were bright with unshed tears, though she was trying so hard to be brave. Her lip trembled as she looked up at him.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll miss you, Eddie,\u8221\'94 Torrie whispered, her voice small and soft.}
\par\plain {Eddie crouched down so they were at eye level and gave her a reassuring smile. Gently, he brushed a stray lock of her hair behind her ear, just like he used to when she was younger. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll miss you too, Torrie. More than you know.\u8221\'94 He paused, his expression turning serious but warm. \u8220\'93But you\u8217\'92re strong, you know that? You\u8217\'92re smart, too\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 smarter than I ever was at your age. Keep practising that unlocking spell, yeah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie let out a half-hearted laugh, though her lower lip wobbled slightly.}
\par\plain {Eddie rested a hand on her shoulder, steady and firm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need you to look after Mom and Dad while I\u8217\'92m gone, okay? Especially Dad. He\u8217\'92s been working harder lately, and he is not as young as he used to be. You can help him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92ll appreciate it, even if he doesn\u8217\'92t say it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Her face scrunched up in that stubborn way Eddie knew so well. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will,\u8221\'94 she muttered, nodding fiercely. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll help. And you better write.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will,\u8220\'93 Eddie said, ruffling her hair gently, a spark of pride warming his chest at her determination. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll write as soon as I settle in. You\u8217\'92ll hardly have time to miss me, I promise.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie squeezed his arm again. Clinging to a little longer this time before stepping back. Her forced smile wavered, but she stood tall, trying her best to be brave. Eddie watched her, his little sister, who suddenly seemed so much older, and he knew then that leaving her behind might be the hardest part.}
\par\plain {His mother was next. She moved toward him, her face a mixture of pride and sorrow. With a gentle but firm hand, she placed it on his shoulder. Eddie could feel the slight tremor in her fingers, the way she fought to hold back the tears.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so proud of you, Eddie,\u8220\'93 she said, her voice thick with emotion. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve worked so hard for this. Don\u8217\'92t forget who you are, and remember, we\u8217\'92re always here. No matter what.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded, feeling the lump in his throat grow. He leaned in to hug her, the warmth of her embrace grounding him at the moment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t forget. I love you, Mom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His father, ever stoic, surprised Eddie by stepping forward. Pulling him into a brief, strong hug. His arms were firm, his grip solid\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like he was silently passing on some of his strength. When they pulled apart, Eddie noticed his father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s familiar, steady gaze soften slightly, the corners of his mouth twitching as if holding back a smile.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I guess this is it,\u8220\'93 Mr Welton said, his voice low but warm.}
\par\plain {Eddie hesitated for a moment before breaking into a grin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Dad... I\u8217\'92m still sorry about breaking your flintlock rifle,\u8220\'93 he said, scratching the back of his neck. \u8220\'93I know you really loved that rifle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mr Welton blinked at him for a second, and Eddie braced himself for a scolding. Then his father chuckled\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a deep, genuine laugh that Eddie hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t heard.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean that old thing?\u8220\'93 Mr Welton said, his voice light with amusement. \u8220\'93Honestly, you\u8217\'92ve done me a huge favour! It was meant to give your mother an excuse to let me buy one of those newer models from the gunsmith. I\u8217\'92ll tell her it was all your fault, of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {They both laughed. And at that moment, it felt like the weight of Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s departure was softened by their shared humour.}
\par\plain {As the laughter faded, Mr Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression turned fond though wistful. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll miss you, Edward. Your leaving reminds me of when your brother Alfred packed his things and headed off to join the army. Now it\u8217\'92ll just be me, your mother, and Torrie rattling around this house. It\u8217\'92s going to be too quiet without you boys.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His father clapped a firm hand on his shoulder, squeezing it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just promise me one thing, Edward. Don\u8217\'92t do anything shady in Edenfield. I know how you university types can get.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me? Shady?\u8220\'93 Eddie said with mock indignation, a grin breaking through. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, Dad. I\u8217\'92m the picture of innocence!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mr. Welton laughed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t bullshit me, son!.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {They stood there momentarily, the comfortable silence between them saying more than words ever could. Eddie felt a surge of warmth and gratitude. That his father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s parting gift wasn\u8217\'92t a trinket but a piece of himself, wrapped in humour and strength.}
\par\plain {Markus and Lydia were waiting nearby. Markus, the ever-optimistic friend, tried to mask his sadness with a grin. He clapped Eddie on the back, its force making Eddie stumble.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, don\u8217\'92t let them turn you into one of those snooty academics up there in Edenfield,\u8220\'93 Markus joked, trying to lighten the mood. \u8220\'93You know, the ones who always wear those ridiculous robes and talk about magic like it\u8217\'92s a science project.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {Eddie snorted, appreciating the effort. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll try to avoid becoming one of them. But no promises.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The four of them shared a long, wordless look. A moment of understanding passed between them, its weight lingering in the air. Things would change. There was no avoiding it. The goodbye hung in the air like a bittersweet song, something neither of them was ready to hear but something they couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t prevent.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Boarding now!\u8220\'93 a voice called sharply, jolting Eddie from his partings. He turned, blinked, and nodded faintly to no one in particular with a final glance back at the fading outline of Weshaven. He tightened his grip on his satchel, straightened his shoulders, and took his first step onto the gangway.}
\par\plain {The steamship loomed closer with every step, the hiss of its engine growing louder, drowning out everything else. The unknown waited just beyond its deck, vast and uncharted, and for the first time, Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look back.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart ached as the steamship loomed ahead, the reality of the moment settling in. But as he glanced back at his family and friends, he knew they\u8217\'92d be with him, in some way, every step of the way.}
\par\plain {The steamship towered over the docks, its sleek hull gleaming in the sunlight. The striking combination of black and white gleamed under the morning sky. Meanwhile, polished wood accents along the upper decks offered a touch of elegance. Two tall chimneys rose from the centre of the ship. Their red-and-white stripes give it a bold, commanding presence. The rhythmic hiss of the engine and the occasional whistle of venting steam were audible even from a distance, calling Eddie forward.}
\par\plain {He stepped closer. The familiar scent of salt and brine mingled in the air. The same as it had been that day Catherine had taken him to the docks. A wave of memory hit him. He could almost hear her voice, clear as day: }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you pass your entrance test, you\u8217\'92ll board this same ship toward Edenfield. Our paths might cross again.\u8220\'93}{ The words had seemed so distant, so uncertain. Yet here he is. Boarding the same ship, bound for the same destination.}
\par\plain {Edenfield.}
\par\plain {The distant sound of other steamships, the creaks of the docks underfoot. The rough, weathered houses perched along the cliffs. All these sights and sounds of Weshaven felt as they always had, solid and familiar. But now, with his foot on the gangplank, everything felt different. The sea, the salt in the air, even the sound of the gulls\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was all the same, yet it felt like the last ties to home were slowly slipping away.}
\par\plain {The ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vast presence is now more than just a passing memory. It seemed to echo Catherine\u8217\'92s words in his mind: }{\f0\fs24\i1 Our paths might cross again.}{ It was a fleeting thought that tugged at him, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t linger.}
\par\plain {He had been so ready to leave, to seek something more significant than his sleepy town. But now, with the steamship before him, a bottomless emptiness settled in his chest. Weshaven wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just a place; it was home. And for the first time, he felt the weight of that truth.}
\par\plain {The horizon stretched beyond it, just as it always had, but it seemed farther this time. As though the edge of the world was really there, waiting for him to step past it.}
\par\plain {He turned, feeling the steady hum of the steamship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s engines vibrating through the dock. The powerful hiss of the steam venting in the distance added to the moment\u8217\'92s weight. His family and friends were still there, a steady presence in the mist, but even now, the distance between them felt more expansive than ever.}
\par\plain {His mother stood close, holding Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand, her eyes bright with unshed tears. Torrie waved, her little arm trembling as she tried to smile through the sadness. Markus stood beside Lydia, hands stuffed deep in his pockets, trying to keep a brave face. Though Eddie could see the sorrow hiding beneath his friend\u8217\'92s tough exterior.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart ached for a moment, wanting to run back to them, hold them, and tell them all that everything would be okay. But he knew he couldn\u8217\'92t. Not yet.}
\par\plain {With a final, slow breath, Eddie stepped onto the steamship. Gangplank creaked beneath his feet as the crew moved around him. The sound of the engines grew louder, the hiss of steam signalling the ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s departure.}
\par\plain {He made his way down the narrow corridor, the hum of the ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s movement vibrating beneath his feet. His gaze stayed fixed on the window near the deck. He could still see his family standing at the edge of the docks, their figures growing smaller and smaller. The mist seemed to close around them like a curtain falling until they were no more than silhouettes, faint outlines against the endless grey sea.}
\par\plain {The steamship began to pull away from the harbour. Eddie felt a lump form in his throat, the weight of the goodbye pressing down on him. His hometown, which had shaped him, was slowly slipping from view. The ship gathered speed, and Weshaven, with its familiar sights and sounds, faded into the distance, leaving only memories in its wake.}
\par\plain {But those memories stayed with him. Days spent exploring the docks with Markus, late-night talks with Lydia by the storefront, and the quiet rhythm of the town. They were pieces of his past now, treasures that clashed with the uncertainty of what lay ahead. }}