{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The Archives hummed with a current of restless energy, the kind that made the hair on Eddie's arms stand on end. The usual sanctuary of whispered scholarship had transformed into a war council of desperation. Pages rustled not from study, but from nervous fingers. The scent of ink and parchment mingled with sweat and the metallic tang of fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Near the circulation desk, Ashley stood flanked by Campus Watch members, their armbands gleaming under the enchanted lanterns. Claire the librarian\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 usually so vibrant in her herbology lectures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 leaned heavily against the desk, her olive skin gone ashen beneath purple eye bags. "Just... don't damage anything," she murmured, fingers worrying at a moonflower pendant\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Madeleine's birthday gift to her last semester.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Between the towering shelves, Catherine moved with the silent precision of a hunter tracking prey. Her fingers danced along leather-bound spines, pausing at intervals to extract volumes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Urban Hydrology of Edenfield}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The Architectonics of Sewer Systems}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 each selection more ominous than the last. The lamplight caught the gold leaf lettering as she added another tome to her growing stack:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The Necrotic Reckonings of Al'Marith}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie caught glimpses of her through the gaps in the shelves, where she'd cornered two robed figures near the restricted section. The Alamirian scholars\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Zenit and Nadir\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stood like mirror images of concern, their identical olive complexions gone ashen under the library's sickly glow. Even from a distance, Eddie could see Nadir's hands trembling as he adjusted his wire-frame glasses, while Zenit's usually immaculate beard looked uncharacteristically unkempt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 From his vantage point, Eddie saw Catherine lean in close, her lips barely moving as she spoke. Whatever she said made both scholars go rigid, their eyes widening in something beyond fear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something closer to dread. Nadir made a warding sign Eddie recognized from old religious texts, the kind used against demons and dark magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, as if sensing Eddie's gaze, Catherine turned her head slightly. Her eyes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 glowing faintly in the shadows like a cat's\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 locked onto his for one breathless moment before she deliberately turned back to the scholars, blocking his view with her body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Christine and Geralt occupied a corner table, the heiress maintaining exact twelve inches of polished oak between herself and what she'd once dubbed "the peasant brigade." Her perfectly manicured nails tapped an impatient rhythm, while Geralt's hulking frame made the antique chair creak ominously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie perched on a study table, Will beside him tuning his guitar with unnecessary force. The crowd before them was a mosaic of grief\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 first-years clutching stolen cafeteria knives, automaton engineers still smelling of solder and grease, parents whose work-roughened hands trembled around photos of missing children. Henry's automaton\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a spider-like contraption of brass and envy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 clicked nervously across tabletops, its lens focusing and refocusing on each speaker.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A man in dockworker's leathers stood abruptly, his chair screeching. "They took my little sister after her night shift," he growled, knuckles whitening around a crumpled poster. "The Watch said she probably ran off with some boy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like my son would abandon his scholarship!" A woman in a merchant's shawl snapped. The jade comb in her hair\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the exact shade Christine wore\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 marked her as Lucenvale gentry. "That boy bled himself dry for his tuition!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The murmurs swelled into a roar. Will's guitar string snapped with a musical twang.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie stood. The table trembled under his palms\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or maybe that was his hands. He didn't shout. Didn't need to. The silence spread like spilled ink as seventy pairs of eyes locked onto him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The archives had become a living thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 breathing in ragged anticipation, exhaling whispered fears. Eddie's pulse roared in his ears as faces turned toward him like flowers seeking the sun. A child's grubby fingers clutched a teddy bear missing one eye; the stitching reminded him horribly of Madeleine's crooked smile when she'd sewn his torn cloak last winter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Will's elbow dug into his ribs. "Alright, Eddie," he murmured, voice uncharacteristically soft. "Time to step up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie's throat constricted. "Who? Me?" The words came out strangled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Bloody hell, who else?" Will's chuckle lacked its usual bravado. He gestured to the crowd\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the automaton engineers with grease-stained shirts, the kitchen workers still in flour-dusted aprons, the Lucenvale matron clutching her jade comb like a talisman. "You lit this fuse, mate. Now show them it wasn't just sparks."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie's knees threatened to buckle as he stood. The sea of faces blurred\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a first-year nervously thumbing the edge of a stolen letter opener, Claire the librarian's moonflower pendant catching the light, Catherine's feline smile from the philosophy stacks. His mouth moved soundlessly, hands trembling at his sides. The weight of their hope pressed down like the archives' ancient stone arches.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " The word crumbled to dust on his tongue. He collapsed back onto the bench, wood screeching beneath him. "I can't do this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ashley materialized at his side, her Campus Watch badge digging into his shoulder as she leaned close. "Edward," she whispered, "you convinced a room full of strangers to commit treason at midnight. You're already doing it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Somewhere in the crowd, a baby began to cry\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 high and thin and terrified. Eddie closed his eyes. Saw Madeleine's face on that damned poster. Felt again the moment her fingers slipped from his grasp in the rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He stood so suddenly the table shuddered. This time when he raised his hand, the silence fell like an executioner's blade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Alright." His voice didn't sound like his own. It sounded like the cracking of ice on the first thaw. "Here's goes nothing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie's voice cut through the silence like a blade through parchment. "Thank you all for coming." The tremor in his hands belied the steadiness of his words. "We're here for the same reason\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to drag our loved ones back from the Black Hand's shadows."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A ripple moved through the crowd\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a woman with auburn hair still in her hospital scrubs clutched a photo to her chest. "My brother," she whispered, the emergency room ID badge still clipped to her collar swinging gently. "Vanished after his night shift at the docks. They said he probably drowned himself."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Across the room, a mountain of a man with tattooed knuckles slammed his fist onto a reading desk. "My baby sister\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 top of her alchemy class." The tremor in his voice betrayed his hardened exterior. "They told me she ran off with some boy. Like she'd ever leave her damn cat unfed."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie felt their pain like physical blows. He straightened his spine, the motion sending dust motes swirling in the lamplight. "We may be strangers," he said, "but we share blood now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the blood the Black Hand has spilled." The words kindled something in the room, a heat that melted the frost of despair. "And we will make them choke on it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The change was instantaneous. Shoulders squared. Jaws set. Even Christine's perfectly manicured fingers curled into fists before she caught herself, her usual sneer faltering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Today," Eddie continued, "we're joined by Catherine the Wanderer." He gestured to the shadows where the elf leaned against a bookshelf, her wineglass catching the light. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie scanned the room, searching for a flicker of doubt, a hint of hesitation. But instead, he saw only a sea of resolute faces, each one etched with a unique story of loss, yet all bound together by a common purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Taking a deep breath to steady his own nerves, Eddie addressed the room once more. "We know this is a big ask," he acknowledged, his voice resonating with sincerity. "We know this is a dangerous path we're about to embark on. But we can't do this alone. Every single one of you has a reason to fight. They've taken your loved ones, your friends, your family. But they haven't taken your spirit. They haven't taken your fight!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence once again descended upon the room. The students exchanged glances, their faces a mixture of fear and resolve. Then, a small, determined voice broke the tension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm in," a young woman declared, her voice trembling slightly but her eyes blazing with defiance. "I won't let them get away with this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wave of relief washed over Eddie. One voice had become two, then three, then a chorus. Christine, her face stoic but a flicker of vulnerability in her eyes, finally spoke. "Fine," she conceded, a grudging acceptance in her voice. "But let's get one thing clear \endash  this alliance ends when we get Dominic back."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Geralt echoed her sentiment with a curt nod. "We're here for Dominic. Nothing more."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will, his eyes gleaming with newfound hope, added, "And for Madeleine. And for everyone else they've taken."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley looking Eddie with a smile latent with pride said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can do this. We have to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One by one, others echoed her sentiment. A ripple of agreement spread through the room, gathering momentum with each voice that joined the chorus. The fear hadn't vanished, but it was overshadowed by a fierce determination, a collective will to fight for justice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We won't promise it will be easy," Eddie continued, his voice ringing with conviction. "There will be challenges, dangers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 But we will face them together. Because giving up is not an option. Not when our loved ones are counting on us to bring them home!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A collective cheer erupted from the crowd, a raw, primal sound that resonated with the pain and anger festering within them. This wasn't just a gathering anymore; it was the birth of a resistance, fueled by love and loss. Eddie glanced at Will and his bandmates, their faces alight with determination. He spotted Ashley next to him, a small smile playing on her lips as she watched the scene unfold. They had a long road ahead, but for the first time since Madeleine's disappearance, a flicker of hope danced in his heart. They weren't alone. They had an army. And together, they would find Madeleine and dismantle the Black Hand, one way or another. }}