{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The schoolyard was alive with noise\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shouts from the football pitch, the rhythmic smack of a tennis ball against concrete, clusters of students laughing by the bike racks. Eddie kept his head down, hands stuffed in his pockets, his satchel bumping against his hip as he walked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He passed a group of girls giggling over someone\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s phone, their voices bright and tangled. A couple of guys from his chemistry class were shoving each other playfully, backpacks swinging. Near the bleachers, the drama club rehearsed lines with exaggerated gestures, their laughter carrying across the field.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop. Didn\u8217\'92t look up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His bike was where he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d left it that morning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 leaning crookedly in the rack, its chain rusted, one handlebar grip fraying. He fished the key from his pocket, fingers brushing against the crumpled exam paper he\u8217\'92d shoved in there earlier. The symbols pressed against his thigh like a secret.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His bike was where he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d left it that morning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 leaning crookedly in the rack, its chain rusted, one handlebar grip fraying. He fished the key from his pocket\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or tried to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His fingers brushed only lint and the crumpled exam paper. Frowning, Eddie patted his jacket pockets, one after another. Nothing. He yanked open his satchel, digging through crumpled notes and loose pens. Still nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Did I leave it in class?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a snicker.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie froze. The sound came from behind the row of hedges near the bike racks. His head snapped up just in time to see a phone peeking out from the foliage, its camera lens glinting. As soon as he spotted it, the phone jerked back, followed by muffled laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 One by one, figures emerged from their hiding spots\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 six in total, led by a lanky boy with a smirk that made Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach drop. Liam Hargrove. Of course.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Liam dangled something from his fingers. A key.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Eddie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~key.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Looking for this, Witch?"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~ his voice dripping with mock concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The key dangled from Jason\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers, catching the afternoon sun in a cruel glint. Eddie\u8217\'92s chest tightened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Jason.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His old best friend. The one who used to stay up late with him, whispering about conspiracy theories and laughing at stupid YouTube videos. The one Eddie had trusted with the truth about his episodes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the visions, the whispers, the way the world sometimes\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 unfolded}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in ways it shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Now, Jason smirked, flanked by his new audience, and spun the key around his index finger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Give me back my key, Jason,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Eddie said, his voice low but firm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Jason\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grin widened. He leaned in, close enough that Eddie could smell the mint gum he always chewed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the same brand he\u8217\'92d shared with Eddie during lunch breaks, back when they still sat together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Or what?"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Jason said, loud enough for the others to hear.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You gonna curse me, Witch? Make my pencil float?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw clenched.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 He told them.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Jason had taken the things Eddie confessed in confidence and turned them into punchlines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The key jingled as Jason tossed it carelessly into the air\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 once, twice\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 before snatching it back.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re not even fun to mess with anymore,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~he said, sighing like\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Eddie}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~was the one wasting\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 his}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~time.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You just stand there. Like a weirdo."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move. Didn\u8217\'92t blink.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, with a slow, weary exhale, he shrugged\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his arms lifting slightly before dropping back to his sides in defeat.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Come on, Jason."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~His voice was quiet, but it carried.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "We were best mates before. Is this how you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve become?"}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 A ripple of laughter passed through Jason\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s friends, their eyes flicking between the two of them. One of them elbowed Jason, grinning.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Ooooh, he got you there, Jay."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Jason\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smirk wavered for half a second before he chuckled, shaking his head like Eddie was some pitiable joke.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Yeah, I remember, Ed,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~he said, dragging out the nickname\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the one only he used to call him.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "And I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m sure I was}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~mistaken."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The way he said it made Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach twist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then Jason turned to his friends, his voice dropping into a dramatic, conspiratorial tone.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "See, Eddie here\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s got this}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~condition.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 If he doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t take his meds, he starts}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~seeing things."\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 He wiggled his fingers for effect.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Once, on that Year 8 trip to the Natural History Museum, he lost his pills and spent the whole day staring at the minerals like they were speaking to him. Diagrams, symbols\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 proper freakout stuff."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath hitched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He remembered that day. The way the gemstones had pulsed with hidden geometries, how the tour guide\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice had warped into a distant hum as the world sharpened into something\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 more}{\f0\fs24\b0 . He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been terrified.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And Jason had been there, gripping his shoulder, whispering,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s okay, Ed. Just breathe."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Now, Jason leaned in, his grin widening.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Funny thing is\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~He tapped his temple.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Turns out}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~I\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 was the one who nicked his meds before the trip. Just to see what\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d happen."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~He laughed.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Put \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91em back after, though. Wouldn\u8217\'92t want him to}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~actually\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 lose it, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His friends howled, slapping Jason\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back like he\u8217\'92d just told the funniest joke in the world.}{\line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "And don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t get me started when I got into this freak\u8217\'92s house!"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Jason crowed, his voice dripping with mockery. Eddie knew exactly where this was going\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but he clenched his fists, forcing himself to stay still.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Jason launched into a dramatic retelling of Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s parents\u8217\'92 shop\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the jars of dried herbs lining the shelves, the strange symbols painted on the walls, the way the air always smelled like incense and something\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 older}{\f0\fs24\b0 .\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "His mum\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s got, like, actual bones in jars,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Jason said, grinning as his friends gasped in exaggerated horror.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "And his dad? Pretty sure that guy doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t even speak English. Just grunts and writes shit down."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened. His adoptive parents\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Charles and Liana Zhang\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had taken him in when he was six. They weren\u8217\'92t rich. They weren\u8217\'92t glamorous. But they\u8217\'92d given him a home. And Jason had sat at their dinner table more times than Eddie could count.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Jace,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Eddie cut in, his voice low and dangerous.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m telling you\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 if you go there, you\u8217\'92re out of the fucking line."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Jason blinked, then laughed, spreading his arms wide.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "What, am I}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~lying?\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Everyone knows your \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91mum\u8217\'92 tells you that fairy-tale crap about your}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~real\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 parents being some powerful witches or some shit. That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s why they dumped you, Ed. Because even they knew you were\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let him finish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Something inside him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something coiled tight for years\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 finally\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 snapped}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He grabbed the nearest thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a rusted bike chain dangling from the rack\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and swung.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The impact sent a jolt up his arm. Jason crumpled with a choked gasp, hitting the pavement hard. The key bounced once on the concrete, landing just out of reach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was only then Eddie realized what was in his hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A metal pipe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Not just any pipe\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a thick, rusted length of steel, half-wrenched from the bike rack\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s support. He\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 shouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~have been able to pull it free. It was bolted down, solid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But the ends gleamed oddly, the metal not quite\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 solid}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shimmering at the edges like liquid mercury.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You'll pay for this, you sick cunt!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The shout snapped Eddie back. Jason\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s friends lunged at him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 three of them, fists raised, faces twisted in rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He swung again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The pipe\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 moved}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~in his grip, as if it weighed nothing. It caught the first boy across the ribs with a hollow\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 clang}{\f0\fs24\b0 , sending him sprawling. The second dodged, but Eddie pivoted, the pipe\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s end\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 stretching}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just slightly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like molten metal seeking contact. It clipped the third in the knee, and he went down screaming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A fist grazed Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw. He stumbled, tasted blood.}}