{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The night bus trundled along the cobblestone streets of Edenfield, its wheels clattering softly in the stillness of the evening. The soft hum of magic resonating through its mechanisms gave the ride a smoothness that belied its outwardly rustic appearance. Inside, the lanterns cast a gentle, flickering light, illuminating the small interior where a handful of passengers sat quietly, lost in their thoughts or conversations.}
\par\plain {Eddie and Ashley sat side by side near the middle of the bus, the wooden seat creaking softly beneath them as they swayed gently with the vehicle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s movement. The handlebars above their heads swung slightly, following the rhythm of the bus\u8217\'92s journey. Will, sprawled across the seat behind them, snored lightly, his head tilted back against the window. Every so often, his lips would part in an unintelligible mumble, and Ashley couldn\u8217\'92t help but smirk as she glanced back at him.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Still out like a light,\u8221\'94 she murmured, her tone amused.}
\par\plain {Eddie chuckled softly, his gaze fixed on the view outside. The bus had just crossed the bridge that separated the southern and northern districts of Edenfield. The transformation was striking\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the low, suburban charm of the university's vicinity gave way to towering stone edifices adorned with intricate carvings. Streetlamps glowed brighter here, casting the grand buildings in a warm amber light, their shadows stretching elegantly across the polished stone streets.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s different here,\u8221\'94 Eddie said quietly, his voice filled with a mix of curiosity and awe.}
\par\plain {Ashley followed his gaze, nodding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. The northern district is something else. You can feel the history here, can\u8217\'92t you? The closer you get to the palace, the grander everything becomes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie leaned forward slightly, his green eyes reflecting the golden light of the passing streetlamps. The buildings were more imposing here, each one telling its own story with ornate gargoyles perched on ledges and massive windows framed by columns. It was easy to imagine the kings of old walking these streets, their retinues trailing behind them.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think the Mayor actually lives in the palace?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked, breaking the silence.}
\par\plain {Ashley shrugged, resting her chin on her hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably. I mean, if you were in charge of the city and had a palace at your disposal, wouldn\u8217\'92t you want to live there? Seems like a waste if they didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94 She glanced at Eddie, a sly smile tugging at her lips. \u8220\'93Not that we\u8217\'92ll ever find out. People like us don\u8217\'92t exactly get invitations to the Mayor\u8217\'92s office.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie laughed softly, shaking his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I think we\u8217\'92re more \u8216\'91southern district tavern\u8217\'92 types than \u8216\'91northern district palace\u8217\'92 types.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The bus slowed as it passed by a small plaza where a fountain gurgled softly in the moonlight, its waters shimmering like liquid silver. Beyond it, a tall spire rose into the sky, the clock at its peak illuminated against the night. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze lingered on the fountain for a moment before shifting to the rain-slick streets outside. The quiet patter of rain against the bus windows matched the rhythm of his thoughts, pulling him inward.}
\par\plain {His mind wandered to Madeleine. During the final preparations for their exams, she had seemed distant, her usual warmth replaced by something quieter, heavier. He thought of the moment in the infirmary, when Walther had said to her, }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You were right.\u8221\'94}{ The words played over and over in his mind. Right about what? And why had that simple phrase seemed to cut Madeleine so deeply? Whatever it was, it had driven a wedge between them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her smiles became fewer, her words more guarded. And then, just like that, she had started avoiding him altogether.}
\par\plain {Eddie sighed softly, his green eyes clouded with uncertainty. He wondered if their visit tonight would even make a difference, or if Madeleine would simply push him further away.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie,\u8221\'94 Ashley\u8217\'92s voice pulled him back, gentle yet firm. She was watching him, her head tilted slightly, her expression no longer playful but thoughtful. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got that look again. The one where you\u8217\'92re thinking too much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie raised an eyebrow, trying to deflect. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thinking isn\u8217\'92t a bad thing, you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, but you overthink,\u8221\'94 Ashley said, though her teasing edge was softer this time. \u8220\'93What were you thinking this time, Eddie? The finals are over\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there\u8217\'92s nothing to overthink about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {For a moment, he hesitated, unsure if he wanted to voice the thoughts swirling in his head. But the words spilled out anyway. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine,\u8221\'94 he said quietly. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s been...distant. During the finals prep, she barely spoke to me. I keep thinking about that day in the infirmary\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what Walther said to her. \u8216\'91You were right.\u8217\'92 What did that mean? Why did it upset her so much?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t reply immediately. She turned her gaze to the rain-speckled window, her reflection distorted by the water streaking down the glass. When she looked back at him, her smile was somber, her tone serious. \u8220\'93Eddie,\u8221\'94 she said softly, \u8220\'93You like her, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The rain outside intensified, the rhythmic patter a low hum that filled the silence between them. The bus trudged along through the slick streets, its warm lantern light contrasting with the cold, wet world outside. Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question hung in the air, and Eddie felt the weight of it pressing down on him. There was no teasing in her voice, no attempt to lighten the mood. She was serious, and it demanded a serious answer.}
\par\plain {Eddie looked away, his jade-green eyes fixed on the rain-blurred view of the northern district. The spires of Edenfield Palace were just visible through the haze, a distant silhouette against the stormy sky. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 he admitted at last, his voice steady but quiet. \u8220\'93I think so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond right away. She simply nodded, her gaze softening as she looked at him. The bus continued its steady trek through the rain, the passengers lulled into a contemplative silence by the dim light and the persistent rhythm of the journey. Eddie didn\u8217\'92t know what to expect from Madeleine when they saw her tonight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or if she would even want to see them. But for now, he let the silence stretch, a quiet acknowledgment of his own feelings.}
\par\plain {Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but smile, leaning back against the seat. He let the conversation drift as the bus continued its journey, the sights of the northern district passing by like scenes from a storybook. The thought of Madeleine and their impromptu visit loomed in his mind, a mix of nervousness and excitement bubbling beneath the surface.}
\par\plain {Behind them, Will let out a particularly loud snore, startling a couple of passengers seated nearby. Ashley stifled a laugh, shaking her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s going to regret this in the morning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie glanced back at his friend, a small, fond smile playing on his lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but that\u8217\'92s a problem for tomorrow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The bus turned a corner, and up ahead, the glow of the northern district\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s central square came into view. The spires of Edenfield Palace loomed in the distance, their majestic silhouettes cutting against the starry sky. The sense of anticipation grew stronger as the bus continued onward, carrying them closer to their destination and, perhaps, a memorable conclusion to an already extraordinary day.}
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain {The rain was relentless, turning the cobblestone streets into glistening ribbons that reflected the warm glow of the streetlamps. Eddie clutched his small pocket journal tightly, shielding it from the rain as he squinted at the hastily scrawled address. Drops of water streaked down his forehead, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to notice.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This way,\u8221\'94 he called, pointing to a side street flanked by tall, elegant stone buildings. \u8220\'93I think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley laughed as she darted from one awning to the next, her cloak swishing behind her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You }{\f0\fs24\i1 think}{? Eddie, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been staring at that thing for ten minutes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not an exact science, all right?\u8221\'94 Eddie shot back, grinning despite himself. The rain was cold, but their shared adventure added a warmth to the night that kept them moving.}
\par\plain {Will, trailing behind and holding his coat over his head, finally caught up, his boots splashing through shallow puddles. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just saying,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice tinged with mock exasperation, \u8220\'93if Henry\u8217\'92s memory is as hazy as the hangover I\u8217\'92m getting over, we\u8217\'92re going to be wandering around here all night.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, come on, Will,\u8221\'94 Ashley teased, spinning briefly in the rain as if to emphasize her point. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t get to complain when you\u8217\'92re not the one navigating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie smirked, flipping his wet journal closed and tucking it back into his coat pocket. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Besides, it\u8217\'92s not every day you get to explore the northern district. Even in the rain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley gasped dramatically, stretching her arms out as she stepped into the middle of the street. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The grandeur! The elegance! The\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ugh, the puddles.\u8221\'94 She looked down, realizing she\u8217\'92d splashed straight into a particularly deep one, soaking her boots.}
\par\plain {Will chuckled, his earlier grumbling forgotten as he looked around. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All right, I\u8217\'92ll admit it\u8217\'92s not bad. Kind of a change from the cozy university vibe. But are we close? Please tell me we\u8217\'92re close.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie opened his journal again, stepping beneath a narrow overhang to read. The paper was slightly damp, the ink smudged, but still legible. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Henry said it\u8217\'92s an apartment complex... there!\u8221\'94 He pointed to a tall building with ivy climbing its weathered stone facade. \u8220\'93Number 14, third floor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley and Will exchanged glances, then grinned mischievously at Eddie. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Last one there\u8217\'92s paying for dessert!\u8221\'94 Ashley shouted, taking off toward the building.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey!\u8221\'94 Eddie protested, breaking into a jog to keep up.}
\par\plain {Will groaned but followed, muttering, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do I always get dragged into these things?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {They weaved through the rain-soaked street, splashing through puddles and laughing as their cloaks billowed behind them. Despite the chill and the wet, the moment was filled with a sense of camaraderie and carefree joy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like they were defying the storm itself. By the time they reached the stoop of Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apartment, all three were soaked but breathless with laughter.}
\par\plain {Eddie leaned against the doorframe, catching his breath. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 he said between chuckles, \u8220\'93at least we found it. And nobody twisted an ankle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley wrung out the edge of her cloak, her eyes sparkling with mirth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what\u8217\'92s better\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 finding Madeleine\u8217\'92s place or watching you try to keep up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will flopped dramatically against the wall, panting. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m calling it now. I\u8217\'92m never running in the rain again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The three of them shared another laugh before Eddie stepped forward, his hand poised to knock on the heavy wooden door. The sound echoed faintly in the rain-drenched silence, and for a brief moment, the lightheartedness of their search gave way to anticipation.}
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain {The exterior of Madeleine's apartment building loomed before them, a testament to the elegance of the northern district. Its stone facade was intricately carved with floral and geometric patterns, each detail lending the building an air of quiet grandeur. Tall windows lined the front, their frames painted a deep emerald green that gleamed faintly even in the rain. A brass plaque near the door bore the name of the residence in flowing script: }{\f0\fs24\b1 Alderstone Heights}{.}
\par\plain {Eddie, Will, and Ashley exchanged glances before stepping inside. The warmth of the lobby enveloped them, a stark contrast to the chill outside. The interior was just as magnificent as the exterior\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 polished marble floors, a sweeping staircase with a wrought-iron banister, and a crystal chandelier casting soft light across the space. Behind a mahogany desk at the far end of the lobby sat a sharply dressed receptionist, an older man with graying hair and a meticulous demeanor.}
\par\plain {As the trio approached, the receptionist looked up from a ledger, his brow arching slightly in curiosity. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good evening,\u8221\'94 he greeted, his voice even and polite. \u8220\'93May I help you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re looking for someone,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, stepping forward. \u8220\'93Madeleine Daedallia.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The receptionist straightened slightly, his gaze sweeping over the trio. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And who might you be?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t mind, I\u8217\'92ll need to know how you\u8217\'92re acquainted with Miss Daedallia.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re her friends,\u8221\'94 Ashley chimed in with a smile. \u8220\'93From Edenfield University.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The receptionist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression softened slightly at the mention of the university. \u8220\'93Ah, students, then.\u8221\'94 He reached for a small notepad. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll need your names, just for the record.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie quickly obliged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Eddie Welton, and this is William Chester,\u8221\'94 He trailed off as Will raised a hand in greeting. \u8220\'93And Ashley Mayfair.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The receptionist jotted their names down before looking up again, a thoughtful expression crossing his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you, by chance, know someone by the name of Walther?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyebrows shot up. \u8220\'93Yeah, I do,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s our friend too. We were dorm mates.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The receptionist chuckled, setting his pen down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it seems like quite the university celebration tonight. Mr. Walther was here earlier, also asking to see Miss Daedallia. He mentioned he was a friend from the university as well.\u8221\'94 There was a hint of nostalgia in his tone as he added, \u8220\'93Ah, youth. It takes me back to my own days of camaraderie and last-minute visits.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie, Will, and Ashley exchanged glances, their expressions ranging from surprise to unease. Eddie managed a polite smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks for letting us know. Can you tell us which floor and room she\u8217\'92s in?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The receptionist nodded, flipping through a ledger before providing the details. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Third floor, apartment 17. If you take the lift, it\u8217\'92ll be on your left as you exit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The three of them thanked him before heading toward the lift, their footsteps echoing faintly in the grand lobby.}
\par\plain {As the lift doors closed behind them, Ashley was the first to speak. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it just me, or is it a little strange that Walther\u8217\'92s here too?\u8221\'94 Her voice was quiet, tinged with suspicion.}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is. Madeleine\u8217\'92s been distant lately, and Walther... he doesn\u8217\'92t strike me as the type to just drop by unannounced.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will leaned casually against the wall, his arms crossed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re both reading too much into this. Walther and Madeleine are classmates, right? They could be working on a group project. Finals week and all that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley folded her arms, unconvinced. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Still, it feels off. Something about the way Madeleine\u8217\'92s been acting\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Before she could finish, Will smirked and nudged Eddie with his elbow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or maybe Eddie\u8217\'92s just jealous. You worried Walther\u8217\'92s got more to do with Madeleine than a group project?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie groaned, punching Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm lightly. \u8220\'93Knock it off, Will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ow!\u8221\'94 Will clutched his arm dramatically. \u8220\'93Abuse! I\u8217\'92m filing a complaint with the university!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley chuckled at their antics, the tension in the air dissipating slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All right, children,\u8221\'94 she teased. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s stay focused. We\u8217\'92re here to thank Madeleine, not start a soap opera.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie, Will, and Ashley stood before the ornate elevator, its polished brass doors gleaming under the lobby\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s soft lighting. The panel beside it bore a series of numbered buttons and a small speaker grille. All three stared at it like it was some sort of magical artifact.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do I press it?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked, his finger hovering over the buttons. \u8220\'93What are these numbers for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe... the floor numbers?\u8221\'94 Will guessed, squinting at the panel. \u8220\'93But there\u8217\'92s way too many for just floors. Look, there\u8217\'92s a speaker here too. Do you think it talks back?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley, who was equally baffled but determined not to show it, tilted her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s probably some fancy city thing. Let\u8217\'92s not mess with it until we know what we\u8217\'92re doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {As if summoned by fate, a butler passed by, his white gloves pristine and his steps measured. Ashley flagged him down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excuse me! Could you help us? We\u8217\'92ve, uh... never used one of these before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The butler paused, looking at the trio with mild amusement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, of course. You must not be from the northern district.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re from the southern side,\u8221\'94 Will said, scratching the back of his head. \u8220\'93Elevators aren\u8217\'92t really... a thing there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The butler offered a patient smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is a secured elevator system. To use it, you\u8217\'92ll need to input both the floor number and the apartment number of the person you\u8217\'92re visiting. The occupant will then answer through the intercom and allow you access if they\u8217\'92re expecting you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s... really secure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is,\u8221\'94 the butler agreed. \u8220\'93Most residences here prioritize safety. Would you like me to assist you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no! We can handle it,\u8221\'94 Ashley said quickly, giving him a grateful nod. \u8220\'93Thanks for explaining.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The butler tipped his head politely and walked away, leaving the three to puzzle it out.}
\par\plain {Eddie pulled out his notebook and read aloud. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, third floor, apartment 17.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will squinted at the buttons. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So we press... three, then one, then seven?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably,\u8221\'94 Ashley said, though she didn\u8217\'92t sound entirely confident. \u8220\'93Try it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie pressed the buttons cautiously. The speaker crackled to life, startling all three of them.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello?\u8221\'94 came a muffled, feminine voice.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh! Uh, hi!\u8221\'94 Eddie stammered, leaning toward the intercom as if it were a person. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Eddie! From the university. We\u8217\'92re here with Will and Ashley.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {There was a pause before the voice responded, slightly more clearly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie? What are you doing here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie glanced at Will and Ashley, unsure what to say. Ashley nudged him and whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell her we came to thank her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right!\u8221\'94 Eddie cleared his throat. \u8220\'93We just wanted to, uh, thank you for all your help during finals.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Another pause. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93...Give me a moment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The intercom clicked off, and the elevator doors opened with a soft chime. The three of them stepped inside, the plush interior of the elevator feeling almost regal. The walls were lined with polished wood, and a small chandelier hung overhead.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoa,\u8221\'94 Will said, running his hand along the railing. \u8220\'93This is fancier than the whole dorm building.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at this carpet,\u8221\'94 Ashley added, nudging Eddie. \u8220\'93I think this thing\u8217\'92s more comfortable than our beds.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie chuckled, pressing the button for the third floor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No wonder Madeleine\u8217\'92s so composed all the time. Living here, how could you not be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will leaned against the wall, smirking. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fancy place, fancy people. You sure you don\u8217\'92t feel a little out of place, Eddie?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie shot him a mock glare. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Says the guy drooling over the elevator.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley laughed, shaking her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe we needed instructions to use an elevator. They\u8217\'92re probably laughing at us down there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let them laugh,\u8221\'94 Will declared, grinning. \u8220\'93This thing\u8217\'92s magic. We\u8217\'92ll figure it out eventually.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {As the elevator ascended, its soft hum providing a backdrop to their conversation, Ashley held up a neatly wrapped basket brimming with pastries. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, what do you think? These are Madeleine\u8217\'92s favorites. She\u8217\'92s going to love them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will snorted, crossing his arms and nodding toward his bag. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pastries? Come on, Ash. That\u8217\'92s like saying, \u8216\'91Hey, I didn\u8217\'92t know what to get you, so here\u8217\'92s food.\u8217\'92 I, on the other hand, got her something practical.\u8221\'94 He pulled out a small, carefully packed set of sculpting tools. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s into alchemical sculpting, right? These are top-notch tools. Way more meaningful than a snack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley narrowed her eyes, planting her hands on her hips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A snack? These are artisanal pastries! Handpicked by yours truly. You can\u8217\'92t sculpt your way to happiness, but you }{\f0\fs24\i1 can}{ eat your way there.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie chuckled from the corner, holding up his gift\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a tin of Eden Flower Tea. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re both wrong. Madeleine always gets this tea at the cafeteria. It\u8217\'92s comforting and familiar. She\u8217\'92ll appreciate it more than tools she might already have or pastries she could buy herself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will rolled his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tea? Really, Eddie? You\u8217\'92re going to give her }{\f0\fs24\i1 caf\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u233\'E9 tea}{? That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what people drink when they\u8217\'92re stressed, not what they celebrate with. You\u8217\'92ve got to think bigger!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley chimed in, a smirk tugging at her lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, Eddie. Tea\u8217\'92s sweet and all, but it\u8217\'92s not exactly memorable. You\u8217\'92re giving her homework vibes, like, \u8216\'91Here\u8217\'92s some tea for those late-night study sessions.\u8217\'92 At least my pastries have personality!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Personality?\u8221\'94 Eddie shot back, raising an eyebrow. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re literally bribing her taste buds. And Will, your tools are practical, sure, but you\u8217\'92re basically saying, \u8216\'91Here, get back to work.\u8217\'92 My tea is thoughtful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will grinned mischievously. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, Mr. Thoughtful. What\u8217\'92s she going to think when you hand her }{\f0\fs24\i1 a beverage}{? \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Oh wow, Eddie knows I get tired easily?\u8217\'92 Great message.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley burst out laughing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, stop it! You both sound ridiculous. The pastries are clearly the winner here. They\u8217\'92re personal and delicious.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie shook his head, though he was smiling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re both impossible. Maybe we should\u8217\'92ve pooled our money and gotten her something together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will scoffed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, this is better. Three gifts are better than one. It\u8217\'92s like a competition\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she\u8217\'92ll decide who knows her best.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley snorted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As if this is a contest. We all know I\u8217\'92m winning this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dream on,\u8221\'94 Will replied, leaning back against the elevator wall with a smirk. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s going to love my tools. They\u8217\'92re useful and thoughtful. Yours are just carbs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And tea is just leaves,\u8221\'94 Ashley quipped, shooting Eddie a playful grin.}
\par\plain {Eddie sighed dramatically. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do I even bother? You two are hopeless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The elevator dinged, signaling their arrival at the third floor. As the doors slid open, they stepped out, still bickering over whose gift would win Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart. Despite their banter, there was a shared warmth between them, their playful argument only deepening their bond.}
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain {The elevator doors slid open with a soft chime, and Eddie, Will, and Ashley stepped out into the quiet hallway, their playful banter still going strong.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just saying,\u8221\'94 Will continued, gesturing dramatically, \u8220\'93if she doesn\u8217\'92t love my sculpting tools, then clearly her taste is broken.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right, because nothing says heartfelt like, \u8216\'91Here\u8217\'92s something to remind you of work.\u8217\'92 At least my pastries will make her smile.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And my tea\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Eddie began, but his words faltered mid-sentence as he caught sight of something down the hall.}
\par\plain {Three figures in black hooded cloaks stood a short distance away, their backs turned toward the trio. The hallway\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dim lighting only added to their ominous appearance, the fabric of their cloaks shifting slightly as if caught in a breeze that didn\u8217\'92t exist. One of the figures, taller than the others, held a small satchel, while the others appeared to exchange whispered words, their voices too low to catch.}
\par\plain {The group instinctively slowed their steps, the air around them suddenly feeling heavier.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh... is that normal?\u8221\'94 Ashley whispered, breaking the uneasy silence. Her eyes flicked between the cloaked figures and her friends. \u8220\'93Do people here just... dress like that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie and Will exchanged a glance. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a clue,\u8221\'94 Will muttered, his earlier bravado tempered by the unease creeping into his tone.}
\par\plain {Eddie shifted the tin of tea in his hands, his gaze lingering on the figures for a moment longer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s just... mind our own business,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice firm but quiet. \u8220\'93Madeleine\u8217\'92s room isn\u8217\'92t far. Let\u8217\'92s go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Agreed,\u8221\'94 Ashley said, though her voice carried a note of tension. She pulled her coat tighter around her shoulders, as if to shield herself from the discomfort of the situation.}
\par\plain {They walked in silence, their earlier levity forgotten. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind churned with questions. Who were these people? Why were they here? He glanced back briefly but saw no change in the figures\u8217\'92 posture\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they seemed more focused on whatever conversation they were having than on the trio.}
\par\plain {Still, unease gnawed at him. The Northern District was a grand, elegant part of the city, but it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel as inviting as the bustling streets of the university district or the familiar simplicity of Weshaven. The grandeur here came with shadows, and tonight, those shadows seemed a little darker than usual.}
\par\plain {Ashley broke the silence as they approached another corridor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe they\u8217\'92re just performers or something,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone forced and nervous. \u8220\'93Some kind of... local theater group?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 Will said, trying to inject humor into his voice, though it came out strained. \u8220\'93And their play\u8217\'92s called }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91How to Make People Uncomfortable.\u8217\'92}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t laugh. He glanced at the room numbers on the doors, focusing on finding Madeleine\u8217\'92s apartment. The sooner they were inside, the better.}
\par\plain {The hallway felt narrower than it should have been, the silence between Eddie, Will, and Ashley stretching like a taut string ready to snap. Their earlier laughter and banter had evaporated, leaving behind the oppressive weight of the cloaked figures\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 presence. The sound of their footsteps\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 soft taps against the polished stone floor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 seemed unnaturally loud in the quiet.}
\par\plain {Eddie kept his gaze fixed ahead, the scrap of paper with Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room number clutched tightly in his hand. "Just keep walking," he muttered under his breath, his voice barely above a whisper. "We don\u8217\'92t have business with them."}
\par\plain {Will, uncharacteristically quiet, nodded, his hands shoved into his jacket pockets. Ashley, walking slightly behind them, cast glances over her shoulder, her brows furrowed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I swear, they\u8217\'92re not even trying to be subtle,\u8221\'94 she murmured, her voice tight. \u8220\'93Why would anyone dress like that in the middle of the night?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 Eddie replied quickly. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not here for us. Just... play it cool.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {But the air around them refused to cool. It buzzed with an unspoken tension, each step feeling heavier than the last. The three figures ahead walked slowly, deliberately, their movements synchronized in an unsettling way. The tallest one, the one with the satchel, glanced briefly over their shoulder, causing Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart to leap into his throat. He forced himself to keep his eyes forward, pretending to focus on the hallway numbers.}
\par\plain {Ashley muttered something under her breath, too quiet for Eddie to hear, but the nervous edge in her tone was unmistakable. Will, for once, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a joke or a quip to ease the mood. Instead, he stayed close to Eddie, his hands flexing at his sides as if unsure whether to relax or prepare for something worse.}
\par\plain {Finally, they reached Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room at the end of the hallway. Eddie recognized the door immediately\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 its polished surface bore a brass plaque engraved with her room number. Relief began to creep into his chest, the first real reprieve since stepping off the elevator. All they had to do was knock, and they\u8217\'92d be inside. Safe.}
\par\plain {Eddie raised his hand, ready to rap on the door.}
\par\plain {But as his knuckles hovered just inches from the wood, the faint shuffle of footsteps stopped behind him.}
\par\plain {His breath caught. Slowly, almost unwillingly, Eddie turned his head to look.}
\par\plain {The three cloaked figures had also stopped\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 right in front of Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s door.}
\par\plain {It was as if time itself paused, the only sound the faint hum of the hallway\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lighting. Eddie\u8217\'92s heart pounded in his ears, drowning out all rational thought.}
\par\plain {The silence between them was suffocating, thick with the unspoken threat hanging in the air. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart raced, the pounding in his chest growing louder than the hushed whispers of the others. He stood frozen in front of the door, every muscle tense, every instinct screaming for him to move, to do something, but his feet remained rooted to the floor. Will and Ashley stood beside him, equally alert, but he could see the unease in their eyes.}
\par\plain {The tallest figure broke the silence with a low, almost mocking voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah,\u8221\'94 he said, the word dragging on with a chill in his tone, \u8220\'93What do we have here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened. His throat felt dry, but he forced himself to speak, trying to keep his voice steady. "What do you want?" His words came out clipped, though a hint of fear lingered behind them.}
\par\plain {The tallest figure smiled, the expression barely discernible under the shadow of his hood. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a smile of warmth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was cold, calculating. "We have no business with you, young man." His tone was smooth, like polished marble, but the undertone carried a weight that made Eddie\u8217\'92s stomach twist. "However, we do have business with Miss Daedallia."}
\par\plain {The female figure moved subtly, a flicker of motion under her cloak, her hand reaching for something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 likely a dagger. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught in his throat, and his eyes flickered to her hand, but before she could unsheath it, the tallest one raised a hand in a slow, deliberate gesture. It was an almost imperceptible motion, but the command was clear. She paused, her fingers lingering on the hilt before retracting her hand.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No need for such measures,\u8221\'94 the tallest one continued, his voice never rising, never losing its eerie calm. "This need not turn ugly."}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulse quickened, his mind racing. The dread creeping up his spine became a solid weight in his chest. His instinct was to back away, to flee, but he couldn\u8217\'92t. Not with Madeleine behind that door, not when these people clearly had something to do with her. \u8220\'93What is your business with her?\u8221\'94 Eddie pressed, his voice wavering slightly, despite his efforts to sound firm.}
\par\plain {The figure didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer. Instead, his gaze locked onto Eddie, calculating, appraising. "Step aside," he said coldly, his tone carrying the weight of an order. \u8220\'93This is not a conversation for you to be a part of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie stood his ground, shaking his head slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not moving.\u8221\'94 The words felt like a vow more than a refusal, and even though his hands were clammy with fear, he forced himself to meet the figure\u8217\'92s gaze.}
\par\plain {Will shifted behind him, his fingers twitching near his guitar, his knuckles white around the strap. Ashley, too, was tense, her hand hovering over the staff tucked behind her back, ready to pull it free. Neither of them said anything, but Eddie could feel their unspoken support\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 their readiness to act if it came to that.}
\par\plain {The figures before them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 silent, calculating\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 began to reach beneath their cloaks. Their movements were smooth, deliberate. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted between them, his thoughts a swirl of chaos. He knew they weren\u8217\'92t just reaching for random items\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whatever they were about to pull out, it was meant for him, for them. Will was already stepping forward, the strap of his guitar bag sliding from his shoulder, the energy in his stance ready to snap into action.}
\par\plain {The tallest figure\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice cut through the tension like a knife. "Do not test us. Step aside, or we will make you."}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest tightened, but he didn\u8217\'92t move. He couldn\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {"You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not taking her," he said quietly, but there was an edge to his voice now. A fire kindled in him, fed by his fear and the realization that these figures were dangerous. "We\u8217\'92re not letting you anywhere near her."}
\par\plain {A long pause followed, the air thick with a tension that threatened to snap. Will, his guitar now gripped in both hands, prepared for whatever came next. Ashley had her staff half-drawn, her eyes flashing with resolve. And Eddie? He simply stood there, his heart racing, his hands clenched into fists at his sides, staring down the figures as they loomed in front of him.}
\par\plain {The tallest figure\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed, but he did not advance. Instead, he tilted his head slightly, as if considering Eddie\u8217\'92s defiance. "You are making a grave mistake," he said, his voice cool but with a flicker of something more dangerous lurking beneath it. "This is not a path you want to walk."}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath hitched, but his gaze never wavered. "I\u8217\'92m not moving," he repeated, his voice stronger now, despite the gnawing fear in his gut.}
\par\plain {The tension in the hallway thickened, crackling like the air before a storm. Eddie stood frozen for a heartbeat, every muscle locked in place, but then a voice, so familiar yet foreign, cut through the silence.}
\par\plain {"Step aside, Welton." The voice was calm, measured\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 almost too calm. "This doesn't need to end this way."}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart skipped a beat. That voice. It sent a chill down his spine, even as his mind scrambled to place it. Slowly, he turned his head, his eyes locking onto the hooded figures.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Walther?\u8221\'94 Eddie\u8217\'92s voice was barely a whisper, his breath catching in his throat.}
\par\plain {The figure before them, the second hooded figure, slowly lowered their hood, and Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank. The straight white hair that fell around the figure\u8217\'92s face was unmistakable.}
\par\plain {Walther.}
\par\plain {It was him.}
\par\plain {The figure's sharp, angular features became clear, his once-familiar face now cloaked in a cold, unsettling expression. He looked different\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his eyes were darker, almost hollow, and his presence exuded something dangerous, something Eddie had never seen in him before.}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, disbelief spreading across his face. "Walther?" he said, his voice tinged with confusion and growing concern. "What the hell are you doing here, man?" Will shuddered, this time his voice cracking slightly. The confusion, the fear, it all hit him like a ton of bricks. The Walther he knew\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the dorm mate, the seemingly harmless second-year Alchemy student\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was gone. In his place stood someone Eddie didn\u8217\'92t recognize, someone who had crossed a line they never thought he would.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you doing this?\u8221\'94 Eddie muttered under his breath, more to himself than anyone else.}
\par\plain {Walther didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond immediately. His expression remained stone-cold, his eyes flicking briefly to the door behind Eddie, where Madeleine\u8217\'92s apartment lay. Then he spoke again, his voice carrying that same cold detachment.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You three need to step aside,\u8221\'94 Walther said, his voice quiet but firm. "You're meddling in matters far greater than just university business. If you don't move, I will be forced to make you."}
\par\plain {The weight of his words hit Eddie like a slap, but it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just the words\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was the finality in Walther\u8217\'92s tone. The calmness in his voice made it clear this wasn\u8217\'92t a threat made in haste. This was a command.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart pounded in his chest, the anger bubbling up like a storm threatening to break. He could feel Will and Ashley bracing beside him, just as ready as he was to fight if it came to that. But what Walther said next, the casual disregard for the possibility of violence, made Eddie snap.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop acting like you give a shit about hurting us, Walther,\u8221\'94 Eddie shot back, his voice fierce, biting. He took a slow step forward, his hand instinctively reaching for the wand in his jacket\u8217\'92s pocket. \u8220\'93You're a fucking traitor. And if you want to move me, make me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His words were fueled by a mix of fury, betrayal, and the fear that had lodged itself deep in his gut. Walther had always been a classmate, a fellow Alchemy student, someone Eddie had trusted. And now, here he was, standing before them in the dark, aligned with forces that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just want Madeleine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they wanted something much more dangerous.}
\par\plain {Will shifted beside him, his hand still hovering near his guitar case, ready for whatever came next. Ashley, too, seemed ready to spring into action, her staff now held loosely in her hand, eyes narrowed.}
\par\plain {Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flickered briefly to Will, to Eddie, to Ashley. His lips parted in what might have been the faintest of smirks, but there was no warmth in it. Just cold calculation.}
\par\plain {"You really have no idea, do you, Welton?" Walther said, his tone almost pitying now. "This is bigger than anything you can understand."}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes locked with Walther\u8217\'92s, his jaw set. He wasn\u8217\'92t going to back down. Not now. "I don\u8217\'92t give a shit what you\u8217\'92re involved in," Eddie said through gritted teeth. "If you want to get to Madeleine, you\u8217\'92ll have to go through me first."}
\par\plain {For a moment, the two stood there, locked in a silent standoff, their stares like a battle of wills. The air hummed with a palpable tension, like the crackling before a lightning strike.}
\par\plain {Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression softened for the briefest of moments, but there was no warmth in it. "I never wanted it to come to this," he said, but his voice lacked the sincerity it once held. "But if you stand in my way, I will make you." }}