{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The campus at midnight was a place transformed. The chatter of daytime was gone, replaced by a stillness that carried weight. Only the hush of wind slipping between the old stone halls, the rhythm of footfalls on cobbled paths, and the occasional chirr of crickets dared to interrupt the silence. Every now and then, distant laughter or the murmur of conversation drifted from windows still lit\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 last-minute crammers, night owls, or lovers defying curfew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie walked with his hands in his coat pockets, his steps steady now, no longer leaning on a crutch. His leg still ached if he pushed it, but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d healed enough to walk without help. The cool night air bit through his collar, but he didn\u8217\'92t mind it. It kept him sharp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will strolled beside him, guitar slung casually over one shoulder. He must\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve come straight from a late-night practice in the Bardry building\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his fingers were inked with fresh rune smudges and the faint scent of burnt sage clung to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, c\u8217\'92mon Ed!\u8221\'94 Will said, nudging Eddie with his elbow. \u8220\'93You haven\u8217\'92t told us how\u8217\'92d the date go!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you, Will.\u8221\'94 Eddie gave him a look. \u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t a date.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will raised both brows like that proved his point. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh yeah? A stroll through the sanctuary, just the two of you, lingering stares across carnivorous beasts\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 classic not-a-date behavior.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look- mate.\u8221\'94 Eddie sighed, rubbing his eyes, \u8220\'93Madeleine called me for a reason, alright? She\u8217\'92s just called me because she needed to make sure of something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A third voice joined in from the other side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh, is it making sure you\u8217\'92re compatible,\u8221\'94 Ashley said sweetly, falling into step with them. She was fresh from the Witchcraft building, her long sleeves pushed up to the elbows and a faint shimmer of spelllight still clinging to her hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie groaned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not you too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? I\u8217\'92m just saying. Mutual trust is important in a relationship. And you cannot get that if you haven\u8217\'92t had a stroll with just the two of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will turn both of you into bronze statues, if you both don\u8217\'92t shut up.\u8221\'94 Eddie hissed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They continued down the stone path toward the library, the laughter slowly ebbing as the towering structure came into view, casting long shadows under the moonlight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 Ashley said, turning slightly toward Eddie. \u8220\'93All jokes aside\u8230\'85 why is Claire calling us to an emergency meeting at the library? Did you guys do something?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No?\u8221\'94 Will said, before giving Eddie a look. \u8220\'93Ed... you didn\u8217\'92t steal another restricted book from the library, did you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No I didn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94 Eddie blinked. \u8220\'93Well, }{\f0\fs24\i1 Borrow.}{ And technically, it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even restricted. Just }{\f0\fs24\i1 adjacent}{ to restricted.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re literally in a society called }{\f0\fs24\i1 The Book Pirates}{,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Ashley said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the entire point of your society\u8217\'92s existence. Claire\u8217\'92s gonna wring your neck one of these days.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not }{\f0\fs24\i1 stealing}{ books,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Eddie said indignantly. \u8220\'93We }{\f0\fs24\i1 borrow}{ them. Then copy them. Then return them. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s preservation for the sake of equal chances of education!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s copyright violation,\u8221\'94 Ashley said, smirking. \u8220\'93With a side of probable expulsion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie grumbled, pulling his coat tighter as they rounded the last bend toward the library courtyard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve never been caught.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will clapped him on the back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if this meeting\u8217\'92s an ambush, it\u8217\'92s been an honor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {As they reached the great oak doors of Edenfield Library, Eddie slowed his pace, his eyes catching something on the windowsill through the heavy curtains. The small wooden sign hanging crookedly on the handle read: }{\f0\fs24\b1 CLOSED}{. The curtains were drawn tight, veiling the warm glow inside.}
\par\plain {Ashley stepped forward, squinting at the row of books laid out along the windowsill\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 each color-coded like a secret language. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There,\u8221\'94 she said, pointing. \u8220\'93Red cover\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will exchanged a quick glance with Eddie. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Red means\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he began.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Emergency,\u8221\'94 Eddie finished quietly.}
\par\plain {A sudden hush fell over them. The easy banter faded, replaced by a tightening knot of unease.}
\par\plain {The heavy library doors swung open, and the trio stepped inside. Their footsteps echoed in the vast, dim space, where rows of towering shelves loomed like silent sentinels. Near the back, under the soft glow of a hanging lantern, Claire paced restlessly along the stone floor.}
\par\plain {Her usual calm, composed demeanor was nowhere to be found. Instead, she looked tense and unsettled, her brow furrowed deeply as she ran her hands through her hair. The quiet efficiency that Eddie and the others had always admired was replaced by hurried, anxious movements.}
\par\plain {Eddie approached cautiously. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Claire?\u8221\'94 His voice was low, careful. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on? Are you alright?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Claire stopped pacing, taking a shaky breath before speaking. Her voice trembled slightly, heavy with urgency and something close to panic. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Madeleine\u8230\'85 someone\u8217\'92s been following her. She called me earlier, but the signal broke\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  I couldn\u8217\'92t reach her again. I\u8230\'85 I should have done more. I should\u8217\'92ve protected her.\u8221\'94 Her eyes flickered with guilt, her hands clenched into fists. \u8220\'93I think she\u8217\'92s been taken.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley moved quickly to Claire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side, gently guiding her to sit on a nearby bench. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not your fault, Claire,\u8221\'94 she said softly, placing a reassuring hand on her shoulder.}
\par\plain {But dread had already begun to settle in Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest. The shadows around them seemed to grow heavier, and a cold weight pressed down on his thoughts. This was no ordinary emergency. Something far worse was unfolding.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain }