{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {I had a dream... a long... long dream. I had forgotten what it was about, but there I see rice fields as far as my eyes could see. And I felt warmth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 The warmth of touch\u8230\'85 }{\f0\fs24\i1 and the warmth of a mother}{. }
\par\plain {So I was confused... when I opened my eyes all I could see was a glass panel, and beyond it, stalactites. The warmth of my dream evaporated instantly as soon as I began waking up. It was cold\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 so cold it seeped into me from the surface I was lying on. A low frequency of something metallic hummed through me, a disquieting thrum that seemed to come from inside my own chest. My breath hitched, but the rise and fall of my chest felt strangely distant, a process I was merely observing.}
\par\plain {My heart\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or something like it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whirred louder against my metallic ribs. Fear, sharp and icy, propelled me upwards. I pressed my hand against the glass, and a strangled cry escaped my lips. It wasn't my hand. In fact. Nothing under my neck was mine. Gleaming porcelain-like material fused with my skin, intricate golden accents beneath a white porcelain casing. My own fingers, once calloused from... }{\f0\fs24\i1 from what?}{ I couldn't remember\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 }{\f0\fs24\i1 I couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t remember anything}{. I stumbled out of the open pod, my legs moving with a terrifying, silent grace. The surroundings was cold and sterile, smelling of ozone and damp earth. All around me, computer screens cast a ghostly blue glow on the cavern walls. I was a ghost in this machine, a whisper of some girl in a body of metal and wire, and in the terrifying silence of this laboratory, the only thing I could hear was the frantic, synthetic whirl of my own heart.}}