{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moonlight pierced through the dense canopy of the Deep Glaive, casting jagged patterns across the forest floor. Twisted vines and ancient trees loomed like sentinels, their gnarled forms seeming almost alive in the shifting light. The forest was oppressively silent, broken only by the occasional rustle of leaves and the distant, haunting call of some unseen creature. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus walked behind Catherine, his grip tight on Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flintlock rifle. The weapon was raised, its polished barrel glinting faintly in the pale light. Every whisper of movement sent his heart racing, his eyes darting toward every shadow. At the slightest rustle of a bush, the rifle twitched in his hands, his finger hovering dangerously close to the trigger. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine could hear the weapon rattling and flinging around, her staff resting lightly in her grip. Her expression was calm but sharp. She noticed Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders hunched, his steps jerky and uncertain, and the tension in his grip on the rifle. The unease was palpable, and the oppressive atmosphere was clearly getting to him. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Markus,\u8221\'94 she said softly, breaking the silence with an even tone, \u8220\'93you\u8217\'92re holding that thing like we\u8217\'92re about to be ambushed by an army of bandits.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus shot her a glance, his voice tense. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feels like we might be. This place... it\u8217\'92s not normal. I feel like something\u8217\'92s watching us.\u8221\'94 He turned sharply at another rustling sound, aiming the rifle toward the underbrush. It was just a gust of wind stirring the leaves. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine stopped for a moment, letting her staff tap the ground lightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to give yourself a heart attack before we even find the Artefact.\u8221\'94 She smiled, trying to inject a bit of levity. \u8220\'93Besides, I don\u8217\'92t think Eddie would appreciate you wasting all his precious gunpowder on small critters.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus lowered the rifle but kept it ready. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Easy for you to joke, ma\u8217\'92am! You\u8217\'92ve got magic if something happens. I\u8217\'92ve got only this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and it\u8217\'92s not exactly comforting.\u8221\'94 He gave the rifle a wary look as if it might betray him at any moment. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stepped closer, her voice quiet but steady. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll be fine. I\u8217\'92ve been through worse, believe me. And I promise you won\u8217\'92t be facing it alone if anything comes at us.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus glanced at her, the tension in his jaw easing slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 he muttered. \u8220\'93But I\u8217\'92m still keeping this thing ready.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They continued deeper into the forest. The oppressive silence seemed to press in even closer, the darkness growing thicker. Catherine kept her senses sharp, but she made a mental note to keep talking\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it seemed to keep Markus from completely unravelling. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 she began, her tone conversational, \u8220\'93I used to visit Eddie\u8217\'92s home a lot when he was younger. We\u8217\'92d go adventuring in old ruins, exploring caves and abandoned barns. I thought I was pretty brave back then. But this? An illusory forest with who-knows-what lurking around? A first for me.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus glanced at her, his face pale. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really? That must have been something.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine nodded with a reminiscent smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was. Eddie used to love going off-trail, never sticking to the safe paths. He was always adventurous, seeking new experiences, no matter the danger. We\u8217\'92d found ourselves in trouble countless times, but Eddie always seemed to enjoy the thrill of it. His older brother Alfred and I often had to help him out of those scrapes.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus swallowed hard, his nerves evident. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie... he seems different now. He doesn\u8217\'92t seem like the same person.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile faded slightly as she looked at Markus. \u8220\'93Different? How so?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus took a deep breath, his voice trembling slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, there\u8217\'92s a reason for that. Back at the academy, a kid named Davies heavily bullied me. I wasn\u8217\'92t as adept at magic as the others, so I was an easy target. Eddie was always my friend because he didn\u8217\'92t quite fit in. He\u8217\'92d spend time with me instead of those other guys.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus paused, his eyes reflecting the dim light. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One day, when Davies was particularly brutal, Eddie was there. He was impulsive, as he always was, and he challenged Davies to a duel. None of us knew how it would end. Davies didn\u8217\'92t take Eddie seriously, but during the duel, Eddie accidentally scarred Davies\u8217\'92 face. It was a mess, and Eddie got expelled from the academy.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression shifted from curiosity to shock and sympathy. \u8220\'93I had no idea. Eddie never spoke about it in detail. I\u8217\'92ve always wondered why he seemed so distant.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus nodded, his gaze dropping. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was a turning point for him. He became cold and withdrawn after that. It\u8217\'92s like he lost something important to him.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine sighed, her heart heavy with the weight of newfound understanding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish I had known. I might have been able to help him see past it and rekindle his love for magic. I hope that\u8217\'92s still possible.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The path twisted and narrowed. The forest thinned, giving way to crumbling stone walls and scattered debris. The air here was heavier, carrying the faint scent of ash and decay. Moonlight spilt over the ruined town. It illuminates the jagged remnants of stone buildings. Their once-proud facades were now draped in thick vines and cloaked with moss. Trees had long since claimed the poor town as their own, their roots snaking through cobblestone streets and bursting through walls as if nature had conspired to erase the city from history. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus abruptly stopped, his grip tightening on the flintlock rifle. His gaze landed on a charred wooden sign half-buried in the dirt. The faint, scorched lettering read: Welcome to Groville. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome, huh?\u8221\'94 Markus muttered uneasily, his voice barely above a whisper. \u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t feel very welcoming to me.\u8221\'94 He scanned the empty streets, rifle raised slightly as if the shadows themselves might lunge at them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine stepped ahead, her staff brushing against the stones as she moved. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem as unnerved, but her eyes lingered on the sign. \u8220\'93Groville,\u8221\'94 she said softly, almost reverently. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s hard to believe people lived here once.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was tense. \u8220\'93Yeah, well, they\u8217\'92re not living here now, are they? I don\u8217\'92t like this place, Catherine. It\u8217\'92s... too quiet.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The eerie silence hung around them. Broken only by the occasional creak of a distant tree branch. The wind stirred, rustling the overgrown foliage that consumed the ruins. As they walked deeper into the town, Markus flinched at every noise, his rifle sweeping toward a sound that turned out to be nothing more than a rat skittering across the stones or a bird startled from its perch. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The road narrowed into what might have once been a central square. It is now dominated by the looming remains of a cathedral. Though cracked and leaning, its towering spire still pierced the night sky, defiant against centuries of decay. The grand stone arches of the cathedral\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s facade were blanketed in moss, while a massive oak tree had burst through the centre of the structure, its gnarled branches reaching outward like skeletal arms. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus stopped at the threshold, the rifle raised again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re sure this is where we need to be?\u8221\'94 he asked, his voice edged with scepticism and discomfort. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine nodded, her eyes fixed on the ruin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is the place. The Artefact should be inside.\u8221\'94 She paused, then added, \u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s still here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus groaned, lowering the rifle enough to look at her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s still here? Great. We came all this way for a maybe.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine smirked faintly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not just a maybe. A once-in-a-lifetime, maybe. There\u8217\'92s a difference.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus shook his head, muttering under his breath as he adjusted his grip on the rifle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This place gives me the creeps. Let\u8217\'92s grab what you need and get out of here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they stepped inside the cathedral, the temperature seemed to drop. Their footsteps echoed on the cracked stone floor, and the vast emptiness swallowed the sound. Stained glass windows, long shattered, cast fragmented patterns of moonlight onto the ground. Vines and roots wove through the walls, blending the sacred and the wild. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lectern stood on a pedestal at the heart of the cathedral. Bathed in silvery moonlight streaming through the shattered roof. Twisting roots coiled around the base as if the great oak tree was trying to claim it as its own. Resting atop the lectern was the Artefact\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an ancient, ornate relic, its surface etched with runes that seemed to pulse faintly with an otherworldly glow. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath hitched as she stepped closer, her eyes fixed on the Artefact. \u8220\'93There it is,\u8221\'94 she whispered, her voice reverent. \u8220\'93One of the Nine Sages must have used this. It\u8217\'92s incredible\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus, standing a few paces behind her, shifted uncomfortably. His grip on the flintlock rifle was so tight that his knuckles had turned white. The oppressive silence of the cathedral pressed down on him, broken only by the faint rustle of leaves in the wind. He scanned the dark corners of the ruins, his unease growing by the second. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know about this, ma\u8217\'92am,\u8221\'94 Markus muttered, his voice strained. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s getting late, and the forest feels... different. Like it\u8217\'92s watching us.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look back; she focused entirely on the Artefact. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re almost there. Just a bit further,\u8221\'94 she said, brushing off his concerns with her hand. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus took a shaky step forward, his boots crunching against the debris of the stained glass on the ground. The tension in the air seemed to thicken with each passing moment. The rifle wavered slightly in his hands as sweat beaded on his forehead. He could feel his pulse pounding in his ears. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine, I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Markus began, his voice faltering. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He froze mid-sentence. A low, rumbling growl echoed through the cavernous cathedral. Reverberating between the broken walls and twisted roots. The sound was deep, guttural, and far too close. Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught as he turned his head toward the source. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His eyes widened in terror. Something massive shifted from the shadows near the back of the cathedral. A pair of glowing eyes pierced the darkness, their unnatural light casting faint reflections on the stone floor. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ma\u8217\'92am?\u8221\'94 Markus said, barely above a whisper, \u8220\'93Something\u8217\'92s here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine, still fixated on the Artefact, took another step forward. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just a bit closer,\u8221\'94 she murmured as if in a trance. \u8220\'93We need to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look out!\u8221\'94 Markus\u8217\'92s voice broke into a panicked shout. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creature emerged from the shadows with a feral roar. The faint light of the moon illuminated its massive frame, and the ground seemed to tremble beneath its weight. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus raised the flintlock rifle. His hands shook as he aimed at the beast. His breath is ragged. His heart was racing as he squeezed the trigger. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A thunderous crack shattered the tension. The muzzle flash lit up the cathedral for the briefest moment. Illuminating Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stunned face and the creature\u8217\'92s feral snarl. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}