{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By the gods! H-his face!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scream echoes through the room so loud it turned the raucous classroom dead silent. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All eyes are now towards the three boys in the middle of the classroom, the eyes who were only few, now looked at him. The classroom smelt of books, papers, chalks and blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first boy knelt on the coarse floorboards, clutching his face as blood oozed through the crevices of his finger, screaming in agony, whining, begging.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His cries are muffled by the hand clutching his bloodied face, a piece of wood with an intricate silver engravings, a Wand. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about an inch long, lies on the floorboards, the glowing runes dissipates.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The second boy stood over him shielding the third, his breath came in a fast, rapid succession. Chest weaving, fist clenched on his own wand. His Wand looks like a mere driftwood from afar, the boy clenched on his wand with his dear life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93E-Eddie?\u8221\'94 the third boy stammered, tapping the shoulder of the second boy who is called Eddie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93S-stay back Markus,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got this-\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 The boy called Markus said, \u8220\'93Eddie\u8230\'85 his face\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was then Eddie was brought back from his high surge of adrenaline from the fight, the duel. It was then Eddie realised that he might have won\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 in a condition where he shouldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Wh-what have you done?\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus voice was whispery and coarse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A harsh clunk, Eddie dropped his wand, not in defeat but in horror of what he just saw. Hand covering his mouth. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie tries to get closer to the first boy trying to see the wound, trying to help, but then-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get away!\u8221\'94 The girl screamed at him, pushing Eddie before kneeling to check on the first boy, \u8220\'93You fucking monster! Get away!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 What have I done}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , Eddie probably thought to himself. As he looked around the classroom, and see what happened. All the student is circling on him, some taking out their phones to take a photo or record what happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you see the spell that he use?\u8221\'94 One boy whispered as he clutch his phone, recording, \u8220\'93Is that even a spell?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t it obvious\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Another girl said, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s black magic! His mother is a witch, of course he uses it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85. Look at him\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is serious\u8230\'85 Someone call the headmaster! Now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie knows he had to do something\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 help the boy, escape, say something to his classmates to put some sense into them\u8230\'85 pleading his own innocence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Eddie just stood there frozen, horrified by everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the door burst in, when the procession of teachers, nurses and healers rush in, Eddie hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t left his spot nor said anything since. Eddie saw as the nurses and healers lifted the First Boy into a stretcher, still screaming and whining, clutching his face as they carried him away out of the classroom into the nurse station. Some students followed him, the event of the duel had disrupted the schedule so much so that everything is in chaos.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A firm hand landed on his shoulder, Eddie looked up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Headmaster stayed there, taking the wand that has just fallen, and then said to him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything is going to be okay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie wanted to believe him\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 but there is no way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He barely notices when the other teachers took his wand away from the headmaster, Eddie felt somewhat free when they took the wand away\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 as if the weight of the mountain itself has been lifted from his shoulders\u8230\'85 it felt somewhat liberating. And he dreaded that feeling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They led Eddie out of the classroom, the Headmaster followed suit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the corridor, heads peaked out of the classrooms, looking at Eddie. Whispers followed him throughout the corridor. Muttering what would be Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He spent years under this very institutions, Aella Academy. Studying, pushing himself, and proving himself that he is worth to be learning the Alchemical Tradition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And now, slowly, step by step. It all being stripped away. Death by a thousand cuts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the end of the hallway there is the Headmaster\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Office, a place of judgment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He knew his sentence had already passed long before it all happened.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Edward Welton is going to be expelled.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}