{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie approached Henry's vintage car, its gleaming chrome a beacon in the otherwise ordinary student parking lot. The car, a testament to Henry's ingenuity, buzzed with nervous energy as the team awaited him.}
\par\plain {"Morning, everyone," Eddie greeted, the question hanging heavy in the air. "Everyone ready for this?"}
\par\plain {A chorus of groans and muttered replies answered him. "Took you long enough, man!" Jake grumbled, while Jane added, "Yeah, hop in, we've got a tight schedule!"}
\par\plain {As Eddie neared the car, his gaze scanned the backseat, landing on a familiar mop of red hair. Madeleine, clad in a more casual outfit - a green flannel shirt and jeans - offered him a warm smile. Her usual meticulous hairstyle was replaced by half-up curls that danced around her face.}
\par\plain {"Hey, Madeleine," Eddie said, his voice softening. "Didn't expect to see you here."}
\par\plain {"Couldn't let you guys do this without me," she replied, the determination in her eyes mirroring his own.}
\par\plain {A sharp voice sliced through their moment. "Great, now we have the whole circus." Eddie's smile faltered as his eyes landed on Christine and Geralt seated next to Madeleine. The source of the voice was unmistakable - Christine, radiating her usual brand of disdain.}
\par\plain {"Henry," Eddie gritted out, frustration building in his voice. He tried to maintain composure. "What are they doing here?"}
\par\plain {"They?" Henry's brow furrowed in confusion. "What do you mean 'they'?"}
\par\plain {Eddie pointed towards the backseat, his voice strained. "Them!"}
\par\plain {Henry sighed. "They've got a stake in this too, Eddie. Dominic's missing, remember?"}
\par\plain {"I know that!" Eddie snapped. "Why are they with us?"}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Typical Edward,\u8221\'94 Said Christine, crossing her arms, \u8220\'93You think you\u8217\'92re the only one who can help? We don\u8217\'92t need some outsider from a no-name coastal town telling us what to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94At least I\u8217\'92m not pretending to be better than everyone else just because of where I come from! Your posh, show-off behavior isn\u8217\'92t going to help us find anyone!\u8221\'94 Eddie countered,}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94At least I belong here, unlike some people who had to claw their way in from nowhere. You\u8217\'92re just a charity case.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94You don\u8217\'92t know anything about me or where I come from. I\u8217\'92ve worked hard to be here, unlike you who had everything handed to you on a silver platter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {"Enough! Both of you, cut it out!" Henry barked, "This is my car, and I'm not driving anywhere with you two bickering like children!"}
\par\plain {Madeleine, ever the mediator, interjected. "Henry's right. We all need to work together. Save the fighting for later."}
\par\plain {Christine grumbled a grudging agreement, followed by a jab at Eddie. "But keep that fish-smelling runt away from me."}
\par\plain {"The feeling's mutual, daddy's sorceress," Eddie retorted, his eyes blazing.}
\par\plain {Henry, his patience wearing thin, laid down the law. "Right. Madeleine, Geralt, sit between them. We can't have them at each other's throats. Eddie, go sit in the back, we have no other spaces."}
\par\plain {Defeated, Eddie slumped into the back seat, Madeleine and Geralt creating a much-needed buffer between him and Christine. Sensing the tension, Madeleine offered a calming presence. "Let's just focus on the mission," she said softly. "We need to find Ashley and the others." She turned to Christine and Geralt, adding, "And Dominic too, he must've been scared there."}
\par\plain {Christine's usually scornful expression softened. "Yeah," she muttered. "He is easily panicked, he must've been really scared."}
\par\plain {Eddie, taking a deep breath, finally relented. "Yeah, Ashley too. You're right. Let's do this."}
\par\plain {Henry surveyed the team, a tense silence hanging in the air. "Alright, everyone ready?" he asked, a hint of determination in his voice. "Let's get this show on the road."}
\par\plain {With a roar of the engine, Henry peeled out of the parking lot, the car carrying them towards their uncertain fate. The air crackled with tension, but beneath it all, a single, unyielding purpose burned bright \endash  to find their friends and bring them home.}
\par\plain {The car's engine hummed a gentle lullaby, a stark contrast to the storm brewing inside. Henry's meticulous restoration had gifted the vehicle a smooth purr that blended seamlessly with the city's symphony of sounds - distant chatter, the melodic chime of a bicycle bell, and the rhythmic call of a street vendor. White-wall tires glided effortlessly over the uneven cobblestones, navigating the historic streets with practiced ease.}
\par\plain {Inside Henry's rolling sanctuary, however, the air crackled with tension. The students \endash  a motley crew of heroes thrust into extraordinary circumstances \endash  sat in a tense tableau. Henry, Will, Madeleine, Eddie, Jake, Jane, Christine, and Geralt \endash  each face etched with a mix of apprehension and unwavering resolve.}
\par\plain {The cityscape of Edenfield unfolded before them, a kaleidoscope of architectural styles. Ornate Victorian townhouses jostled for space with the sturdy frames of early industrial warehouses. Many structures wore their history proudly - intricate carvings adorned their facades, wrought-iron balconies offered a glimpse into bygone eras, and faded murals whispered tales of the city's rich academic past.}
\par\plain {Yet, the scenery failed to capture their attention. Awkward silences hung heavy in the air, punctuated only by the occasional creak of the leather seats. The weight of their mission pressed down on them, a shared burden that threatened to suffocate conversation.}
\par\plain {Henry, stealing a glance through the rearview mirror at the silent passengers, let out a barely audible sigh. He leaned towards Will, his voice a low murmur, "Let's get this over with, Will. I can't bear this tension any longer."}
\par\plain {Will, ever the optimist, attempted to lighten the mood. Craning his neck towards the backseat, he offered a weak smile. "So, anyone got a good joke?"}
\par\plain {His question echoed unanswered, swallowed by the thick tension that permeated the car. Jake muttered under his breath, "This is gonna be a long ride."}
\par\plain {Jane nudged him playfully, a silent plea for him to keep quiet. The silence, though suffocating, was a fragile bubble. They were on the precipice of a perilous journey, and any attempt to break the tension felt like a fragile dance on a tightrope. The weight of their mission hung heavy, a constant reminder of the darkness that awaited them. Yet, beneath the surface, a flicker of determination burned bright. They were in this together, bound by a shared purpose, and that silent understanding was a powerful force in itself.}
\par\plain {The oppressive silence continued as the car transitioned from the city's bustling core to the quiet hum of suburbia. Cobblestone streets gave way to smooth asphalt, winding through neighborhoods adorned with manicured lawns and towering trees. The rhythmic purr of the engine was the only constant, a stark contrast to the turmoil within.}
\par\plain {In a desperate attempt to break the tension, Henry reached for the radio dial. The knob hissed and crackled before settling on a station, and a blast of static gave way to the opening notes of an old rock song.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Through the night, we'll find a way"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Hearts united, come what may"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Whispers of hope in the silent air"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Together we'll show we truly care"}
\par\plain {Will, a flicker of recognition sparking in his eyes, began to hum along softly as the song transitioned into the pre-chorus. He knew this song \endash  "Rescue from Without" \endash  a classic anthem of resilience that resonated with their situation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "We won't let the darkness take"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "The ones we love, we'll never break"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "With every step, our spirits grow"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "A light in the dark, a warm, soft glow"}
\par\plain {As if catching Will's quiet melody, Jake and Jane joined in, their voices filling the car for the first time since they'd set off. The chorus erupted, a declaration of unity that echoed through the confined space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Together we'll rise, side by side"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "In the shadows, we won't hide"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Rescue from the shadows, we'll fight"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Hold on, we'll make it through the night"}
\par\plain {The second verse started softer, a lull in the storm. Will's voice was the only one that carried the melody.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Against the odds, we're standing strong"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "In every heart, a battle song"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "We'll lift you up, when you're feeling down"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "A circle of friends, love's profound"}
\par\plain {But the pre-chorus brought them back together. A surge of determination fueled their voices.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "We won't let the darkness take"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "The ones we love, we'll never break"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "With every step, our spirits grow"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "A light in the dark, a warm, soft glow"}
\par\plain {Eddie felt a shift in the atmosphere. He glanced towards Madeleine, a hint of a smile gracing her lips as she tapped her foot to the beat. The tension, though not entirely gone, seemed to loosen its grip. She belted out the chorus with newfound fervor, and soon the entire car was filled with their voices.}
\par\plain {Even Christine, a bastion of stoicism, couldn't resist the infectious energy. A small smile played on her lips as she hummed along, a grudging acceptance of the situation.}
\par\plain {The bridge arrived, and a hush fell over the group. Everyone expected Will, with his musical background, to take the reins. But to their surprise, it was Henry who broke the silence. His voice, rich and unexpected, filled the car.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "When hope seems far, just take my hand"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "We're here for you, we understand"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "We'll pave the way, no matter how long"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "With every tear, we'll build you strong"}
\par\plain {Will, seizing the momentum, cued the final build-up. "Come on everyone!" he shouted, and a wave of collective energy washed over them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Together we'll rise, side by side"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "In the shadows, we won't hide"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Rescue from the shadows, we'll fight"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Hold on, we'll make it through the night!"}
\par\plain {Eddie, caught up in the moment, swayed to the music, his voice joining the chorus. The car, once a vessel of tense silence, was now a rolling embodiment of camaraderie. Laughter mingled with the music, a testament to the bond that was being forged in the face of adversity.}
\par\plain {The final verse faded out, replaced by the soft strains of the outro. Will's voice, barely a whisper, carried the last lines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Through the night, we'll find a way"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Hearts united, come what may"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Rescue from the shadows, we'll fight"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Together, we'll make it through the night"}
\par\plain {The car rolled on, carrying them deeper into the suburbs. The music had served its purpose, a temporary balm on their collective anxieties. But beneath the newfound sense of unity, a steely resolve remained. They were on a mission, a desperate rescue attempt, and the weight of that mission pressed heavily on their hearts. Yet, as they sang together, a flicker of hope ignited. They were in this together, and together, they were ready to face whatever darkness awaited them. }}