{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The scratchy wool of the infirmary-issued blanket was doing little to soothe the restless energy thrumming through Eddie Welton. He lay propped against the headboard of his dorm bed, a prisoner in his own room. His left ankle, a throbbing, swollen lump beneath a fresh bandage, was a constant, unwelcome reminder of the creature\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all teeth and shadows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that had darted out from the alley behind the Alchemist's Brew cafe. A single  metal crutch leaned against his bedside cabinet, both a lifeline and a symbol of his confinement.}
\par\plain {Across the room, Will was methodically checking the contents of his leather satchel. Textbooks, a roll of parchment, a case of glass vials that clinked softly. He was everything Eddie wasn't at the moment: composed, mobile, and annoyingly sensible.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, I\u8217\'92ve told Professor Rheagan you came down with a nasty fall from the common room stairs,\u8221\'94 Will said, He zipped his bag shut and picked up his wand from his desk\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a slender rod of polished oak. \u8220\'93She sends her sympathies and expects you to be bedridden for at least two days. I\u8217\'92ll get notes from her practical alchemy lecture for you.\u8221\'94 He turned, his gaze firm. \u8220\'93On the condition that you actually }{\f0\fs24\i1 stay}{ bedridden. No sneaking out, Eddie.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie shifted, pushing himself up straighter against the headboard with a defiant wince. "What are you? My dad? Not even my dad is as strict as you!"}
\par\plain {Will pinched the bridge of his nose, a familiar gesture of exasperation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not opposed to your usual brand of mayhem, Eddie, I know you want to go outside. But the Student Council gave us an official warning two weeks ago. One more warning, and they report us to the Faculty. You\u8217\'92ll be finished.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {"But..." Eddie said, tilting his head with a sly smirk that didn't quite hide the pain in his ankle. "What if they don't find out?"}
\par\plain {"That doesn't matter, because I'm worried }{\f0\fs24\i1 if they do}{ find out!" Will countered, his voice rising with frustration. "Do you want to get expelled in your first year? Is that the goal?"}
\par\plain {"No..." Eddie mumbled, looking away towards the window. "But I don't want to be bored, either."}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, Will.\u8221\'94 }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 A light, musical voice cut in from the doorway. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93W}{here could he possibly go?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Ashley leaned against the doorframe, \u8220\'93His ankle\u8217\'92s busted. He can\u8217\'92t exactly outrun a campus patrol, can he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will sighed, running a hand through his already tidy hair. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re forgetting who we\u8217\'92re talking about, Ash. This is Eddie.\u8221\'94 He gestured vaguely towards the bed. \u8220\'93Trouble finds him because he goes out looking for it with a map and a packed lunch. My class is across campus, and yours isn\u8217\'92t until this evening. I\u8217\'92m officially deputizing you to keep an eye on him because\u8230\'85.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {As they spoke, Eddie tuned out the familiar back-and-forth. His world had narrowed to a single objective. His fingers twitched, inching over the rough texture of the blanket. His eyes darted from the crutch\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just within reach if he stretched\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to the open window, where a cool afternoon breeze rustled the ivy clinging to the old stone walls of the dormitory. Freedom.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93...it\u8217\'92s not just about his ankle.\u8221\'94 Will continued, \u8220\'93The Student Council is already looking for an excuse to put him on probation after that incident in the lower labs. If he\u8217\'92s caught wandering around campus when he\u8217\'92s officially on medical leave, they\u8217\'92ll have his head. He needs to lay low, properly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley listened, her expression shifting from amusement to a flicker of understanding. She opened her mouth to reply, but then her eyes drifted towards the bed behind Will. The grin returned, wider this time.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93...aaaaaand he\u8217\'92s gone,\u8221\'94 she said lightly.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Will spun around.}
\par\plain {The bed was empty. The blanket was thrown aside in a heap, and the crutch was gone. Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened in disbelief before he rushed back into the room, his carefully maintained composure shattering. He scanned the empty space, then his gaze shot to the open window. He leaned out, his face a mask of horrified frustration.}
\par\plain {Down below, Eddie was standing on the decorative brickwork that lined the building. Under his focused will, the bricks were behaving like a slow, silent elevator, lowering him gently from the second-story window to the grassy quad below. The moment his feet\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one good, one useless\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 touched the ground, the bricks seamlessly settled back into the wall as if nothing had happened.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edward!\u8221\'94 Will bellowed, his voice echoing across the quad and earning a few curious glances from passing students. \u8220\'93Get yourself back in here, right now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie, now upright with the help of his crutch, didn't break his stride. He shouted back over his shoulder, his voice full of unwavering determination, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be back before curfew! Don\u8217\'92t you worry!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will watched him hobble away towards the main campus path, a tiny, defiant figure on a mission. He gripped the windowsill, his knuckles white with annoyance.}
\par\plain {From behind him, Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was laced with wry satisfaction.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Told ya you can\u8217\'92t stop him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The university grounds were a familiar sea of activity. Streams of students flowed along the stone pathways, their satchels slung over their shoulders and their conversations a low hum that filled the crisp morning air. For them, it was just another day of lectures and library sessions. For Eddie, it was a covert operation.}
\par\plain {He kept his head down, the rhythmic }{\f0\fs24\i1 thump-click\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 thump-click}{ of his crutch on the flagstones a stark contrast to the hurried footsteps of everyone around him. Technically, he wasn't skipping class. He was on sanctioned medical leave, a fact that gave him a sliver of confidence. Still, every glimpse of a campus patrol uniform made him tense up.}
\par\plain {With his free hand, he reached into the lower-left pocket of his brown jacket. His fingers closed around a worn, folded piece of paper. He pulled it out, glancing down at the familiar, neat handwriting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Madeleine D.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 0712 443 229}{ }{\f0\fs24\i1 21st }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Norwood Street. Past the Campground.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Edenfield Mythical Creature Sanctuary.}
\par\plain {He folded the paper carefully and slipped it back into his pocket. }{\f0\fs24\i1 She said she has something to show me.}{ The memory of their last conversation, a brief, hurried exchange after the incident, was the entire reason he was currently risking expulsion. He looked around, his determination warring with a sudden wave of anxiety. Should he just show up? Or would it be better to call first? The latter seemed less likely to get him chased off the property by a territorial hippogriff.}
\par\plain {He spotted one of the university's old, dark-wood phone booths near the edge of the main quad. It looked like a relic from another era, but it was functional. He hobbled over, squeezed inside, and pulled the heavy door shut, muffling the campus noise to a distant murmur.}
\par\plain {Taking a deep breath, he fished the paper back out and carefully dialed the number. The rotary clicks sounded unnaturally loud in the small space. He waited, his heart thumping against his ribs with each ring. He was so nervous he could feel his palms sweating.}
\par\plain {"Hello?" A warm, clear voice came from the other end.}
\par\plain {His heart lurched into his throat. He swallowed hard, trying to sound casual. "O-oh, hey... it's ummm... Edward... Eddie..." he stammered, hating how shaky he sounded.}
\par\plain {A moment of silence, then recognition dawned in her voice. "Oh, Edward!" Madeleine said, her tone instantly friendly. "How are you? I heard what happened. I thought you were supposed to be resting today?"}
\par\plain {"Well um, about that," Eddie chuckled, a nervous tremor in his laugh. "I got better." It wasn't a complete lie; he was, at least, vertical. "Oh and," he continued, rushing the words out before he lost his nerve, "last week you said you got something to show me at your sanctuary. Can I... go there? To check it out?"}
\par\plain {"Oh, you want to go today?" Madeleine sounded pleased. "Yeah, sure! I'll be on shift until 5, I can give you a tour. The sanctuary is pretty hidden, so just board the E7 route bus. When you arrive at the final stop, just follow the path near the campgrounds and go past the griffin statue. You can't miss it."}
\par\plain {"Oh, okay!" Eddie said, a wave of relief washing over him. "Um, see you then!"}
\par\plain {He slammed the phone back into its cradle with a loud clatter and leaned his forehead against the cool glass of the booth door, breathing a deep sigh of relief. The hardest part, he hoped, was over. Now, he just had to get there.}
\par\plain {The university bus stop was an organized chaos of students coming and going. Eddie navigated the throng, his focus narrowed to a single, repetitive mantra murmured under his breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93E7 route\u8230\'85 Norwood\u8230\'85 past griffin statue\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The words were a lifeline, a tangible goal that kept him moving forward despite the throbbing protest from his ankle. Each step was a carefully managed negotiation between pain and determination. He kept his head down, hoping to blend into the sea of faces, to be just another student heading off campus.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Eddie! What do you think you\u8217\'92re doing?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The voice cut through the noise, sharp and sickeningly familiar. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head snapped up. About twenty yards away, standing near the entrance to the station, were Will and Ashley. Will looked furious, his satchel clutched in a white-knuckled grip. Ashley, beside him, had an expression that was half concern, half morbid curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Crap.}
\par\plain {There was no time for an explanation, no room for another argument. He had to move. Now.}
\par\plain {Ignoring the sharp complaint from his ankle, Eddie quickened his pace. It was a clumsy, lurching hobble, a far cry from his usual speed, but it was the best he could manage. He pushed off harder with his crutch, weaving through students who shot him annoyed looks.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie, get back here!\u8221\'94 Will\u8217\'92s voice was closer now.}
\par\plain {The chase was on. Will, uninjured and driven by sheer panic, tried to bull his way through the dense crowd. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excuse me\u8230\'85 sorry\u8230\'85 let me through!\u8221\'94 He was a swimmer fighting against a powerful current, his progress frustratingly slow as students, plugged into their own worlds with headphones and conversations, blocked his path.}
\par\plain {Eddie, meanwhile, was using his injury almost as an advantage, his crutch and visible limp parting the crowd with a mix of sympathy and annoyance. }
\par\plain {Will is closing the distance, he could feel the frantic energy of the pursuit at his back. His lungs burned. His ankle screamed with every jarring step. Just a little further.}
\par\plain {Then he saw it. Pulling up to the designated stop with a hydraulic hiss was a large, blue-and-white bus. Emblazoned on its digital sign were the two characters he was praying for: E7.}
\par\plain {A surge of hope, pure and potent, flooded through him. It was the adrenaline shot he needed. He abandoned any attempt to manage the pain and launched himself forward in a desperate, final sprint.}
\par\plain {The bus doors swung open.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie!\u8221\'94 Will bellowed, finally breaking through the last line of students. He was only an arm's length away now, his fingers outstretched, lunging for the sleeve of Eddie\u8217\'92s brown jacket.}
\par\plain {But he was a second too late.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s foot landed on the first step of the bus. He hauled himself aboard, nearly tripping, and scrambled away from the door just as Will\u8217\'92s hand swiped through empty air. The doors hissed shut, sealing Eddie inside. He pressed his face against the cool glass, making brief, triumphant eye contact with his furious best friend before the bus rumbled to life and pulled away from the curb, carrying him towards Norwood.}
\par\plain {Will stood on the pavement, chest heaving, watching the E7 bus disappear into the Edenfield traffic. He slowly lowered his hand, the frantic energy draining out of him, replaced by a cold, heavy dread. Ashley came to a stop beside him, hands tucked in her pockets.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re so finished, Ash,\u8221\'94 Will said hopelessly, staring at the spot where the bus had been.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, I mean,\u8221\'94 Ashley said, giving him a light, playful elbow in the ribs, \u8220\'93a trip down to the Faculty office wouldn\u8217\'92t hurt, right? Think of it as a new experience.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will turned to look at her, his expression grim. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not helping.\u8221\'94}}