{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The morning sunlight streamed lazily through the common room's wide windows, illuminating the clutter of blankets, pillows, and sprawled bodies that adorned the sofas. Eddie lay tangled in the patchwork quilt Henry had tossed him the night before, the sound of faint humming and the sizzle of cooking pulling him from a restless sleep. He groaned, rubbing his eyes, his vision still bleary.}
\par\plain {The smell of something sweet and savory wafted into the room, prompting Eddie to sit up. Through the haze of sleep, he spotted sharp, pointed ears and a crown of short red hair bobbing in the kitchen. Catherine, ever the enigma, was at work, humming a lilting tune that seemed centuries old. Will and Ashley, cocooned in their blankets, remained fast asleep on the other sofas.}
\par\plain {Curiosity piqued, Eddie stood and shuffled toward the kitchen, his bare feet padding against the cool floor. As he neared, the sight of Catherine bustling around the stove came into full focus. She wore her usual smirk, her hands deftly flipping thin pancakes on a cast iron skillet.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good morning, sleepyhead,\u8221\'94 Catherine greeted without turning, her tone as light as her humming.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Morning,\u8221\'94 Eddie mumbled, his voice still thick with sleep. He leaned against the counter, watching as Catherine plated a stack of golden-brown pancakes. The sweet, earthy aroma grew stronger, and Eddie\u8217\'92s stomach gave an involuntary growl. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tagenon,\u8221\'94 Catherine said with a note of pride, drizzling honey over the stack. \u8220\'93Traditional elven breakfast. Wheat flour, olive oil, honey, and curdled milk. Served with figs, dates, or olives\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whatever\u8217\'92s fresh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie raised an eyebrow, eyeing the pancakes skeptically. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds\u8230\'85 ancient. You sure that\u8217\'92s going to fly with the other guys?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine chuckled, pouring a fresh dollop of batter into the skillet. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been feeding Elvenkind for millennia. If it\u8217\'92s good enough for us, it\u8217\'92s good enough for you lot. Besides,\u8221\'94 she added with a teasing glance, \u8220\'93you\u8217\'92re lucky I\u8217\'92m cooking at all. Do you know how much effort this takes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie shook his head, grinning despite himself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess we\u8217\'92ll find out if it\u8217\'92s worth it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine slid a plate of Tagenon toward him, accompanied by a small bowl of dates and a few figs. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Try it, then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie hesitated, then picked up a fork and cut into the pancake. He took a cautious bite, his taste buds immediately met with a surprising mix of sweetness from the honey, tang from the curdled milk, and the subtle richness of olive oil. He blinked, taking another bite.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not bad,\u8221\'94 he admitted, nodding. \u8220\'93Actually\u8230\'85 pretty good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ha! Told you,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, turning back to the stove with a triumphant smile. She gestured to a bottle of red wine on the counter, its label faded and its glass dusty with age. \u8220\'93Pair it with this. Vintage Solivian wine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie frowned, glancing at the bottle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wine? For breakfast?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine shrugged, her smirk widening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re students. Isn\u8217\'92t drinking at odd hours part of the experience? and this one is a vintage from... let\u8217\'92s see... ah, ninty years ago,\u8221\'94 Catherine said with a sly smile. \u8220\'93I thought it might pair nicely, i might have forgotten where i got this from.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ninty years,\u8221\'94 Eddie repeated, shaking his head. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s older than my grandfather.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your grandfather was eighty years old, Edward, but alas,\u8221\'94 Catherine winked. \u8220\'93Good wine only gets better with age. Like me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie rolled his eyes but couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help chuckling. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re impossible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92re welcome,\u8221\'94 Catherine shot back. \u8220\'93Now go wake the others. Breakfast doesn\u8217\'92t keep, and I\u8217\'92m not reheating it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The common room buzzed to life as Eddie nudged Will and Ashley awake. Blankets rustled, groggy complaints filled the air, and the aroma of Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cooking wafted through the space, coaxing everyone into consciousness.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What... smells so good?\u8221\'94 Will muttered, rubbing his eyes as he sat up.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Breakfast,\u8221\'94 Eddie said simply, gesturing toward the kitchen where Catherine was now arranging the spread. The dining table had been transformed into a miniature feast, with plates of golden Tagenon, bowls of figs, dates, and olives, and a decanter of the vintage red wine sitting at the center. Everything was placed with precision, as though Catherine were hosting an important gathering rather than feeding a group of university students.}
\par\plain {Jake and Jane were the first to stumble into the kitchen, their curiosity piqued. Both History of Magic majors, they were instantly captivated by the sight of Catherine orchestrating the meal. Their questions came like a flood.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, hold on,\u8221\'94 Jake began, gesturing toward the food. \u8220\'93Is this... traditional elven cuisine? Like, pre-Solivian Empire?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Jane nodded eagerly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And those plates\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 are they arranged in accordance with old elven customs? You know, the ones described in }{\f0\fs24\i1 Legends of the Lost Courts}{? This symmetry\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was it for practical use or ceremonial significance?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine laughed softly, clearly amused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, it\u8217\'92s nothing that grand. This is just how meals were prepared in my household when I was younger. It\u8217\'92s more habit than tradition.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you }{\f0\fs24\i1 lived}{ during those times, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94 Jane pressed. \u8220\'93You must have seen the courts! The monarchs! The fall of the Solivian Empire!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As a child, yes,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, sipping from her glass of wine. \u8220\'93The courts were splendid but full of bickering. And as for the fall of the empire, it was chaotic, but life moves on. People adapt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Jake and Jane exchanged wide-eyed glances, completely enraptured.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe it,\u8221\'94 Jake whispered. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re having breakfast with someone who\u8217\'92s seen }{\f0\fs24\i1 everything}{.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie chuckled, shaking his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t inflate her ego too much, Jake. She already acts like she owns the place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Meanwhile, Ashley had taken a seat and was carefully cutting into her }{\f0\fs24\i1 Tagenon}{, her face lighting up at the first bite. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is amazing,\u8221\'94 she said, spearing a date and popping it into her mouth. \u8220\'93It reminds me of something my mom used to make. Witches cook like this all the time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 using foraged ingredients, wild honey, dried fruits.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine smiled warmly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I imagine your mother has excellent taste.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry, who had taken his plate and leaned against the kitchen counter, chimed in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The dates bring me back to Alamiria. It\u8217\'92s a staple where I\u8217\'92m from\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 always served during festivals or with strong coffee in the mornings.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alamiria?\u8221\'94 Catherine asked, raising an eyebrow. \u8220\'93I spent some time there centuries ago, traveling with a nomadic tribe. They had the most beautiful rituals under the stars. That\u8217\'92s probably where I picked up my fondness for wandering.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened slightly. \u8220\'93You lived with the tribes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For a while,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, pouring herself a small glass of wine. \u8220\'93They were kind enough to share their customs with me. I\u8217\'92ve always admired their resilience\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and their cooking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {As the group sat down, they noticed how the food had been arranged with an almost ceremonial touch. Each dish was placed symmetrically, with smaller plates framing the larger platters. The utensils were positioned as if awaiting a formal banquet.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this... how you normally eat?\u8221\'94 Ashley asked, gesturing toward the spread.}
\par\plain {Catherine laughed lightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, not always. But when you host a meal, you do it properly. In my youth, meals were gatherings of community. This? This is a modest rendition.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Jake leaned over to Jane and whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is definitely going in our term paper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, Miss Catherine,\u8221\'94 Henry began, his tone steady but curious, \u8220\'93If what Eddie said was correct, you are basically guiding us into the lion\u8217\'92s den. What\u8217\'92s your plan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine, mid-bite of her }{\f0\fs24\i1 Tagenon}{, raised a hand for him to wait as she chewed. She finally swallowed and replied casually, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know someone who might help us get a foothold near the Citadel of Archaea. Her name\u8217\'92s Tiara. She\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or, was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a Company Captain of the Royal Paladins in that area.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was?\u8221\'94 Eddie interjected, narrowing his eyes.}
\par\plain {Catherine shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Technically, yes. I haven\u8217\'92t checked in a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long is \u8216\'91a while\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked, raising an eyebrow. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got a... unique sense of time. Don\u8217\'92t forget, Catherine, not everyone is ageless like you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine chuckled, brushing off the jab. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been about thirty years since I last saw her. But Tiara\u8217\'92s condition should mean she hasn\u8217\'92t changed much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie tilted his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Condition?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s a werewolf,\u8221\'94 Catherine said nonchalantly, taking another sip of her wine. \u8220\'93A good one, though. You\u8217\'92ll like her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The room fell silent for a beat.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, hold up,\u8221\'94 Jake blurted. \u8220\'93Did you just say werewolf? Like... claws and fangs? Full moon transformations? That kind of werewolf?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine arched an elegant brow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Precisely. Is that so hard to believe?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Jane nudged Jake with her elbow, her voice a mix of astonishment and excitement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First elves, now werewolves. Holy }{\f0\fs24\i1 shit}{, Jake. This is the best day of my life.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Jake leaned back in his chair, his hands spread wide in mock exasperation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Holy shit, Welton! What\u8217\'92s next? You gonna introduce us to dragons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie chuckled, rubbing the back of his neck. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I could, I would, Jake. But let\u8217\'92s not get ahead of ourselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Jane leaned forward, her curiosity piqued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, so werewolves are real too? This is insane. Do they look like the old Alamirian carvings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 half-man, half-wolf\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or is it more subtle? Oh, do they }{\f0\fs24\i1 howl}{ when the moon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only if they\u8217\'92re being dramatic,\u8221\'94 Catherine said dryly. \u8220\'93And no, not all of them look like monsters. Tiara, for example, looks like an average person most of the time. Well, except for her temper. You\u8217\'92ll see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Jake was practically vibrating with excitement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is insane. An elf, a werewolf... I\u8217\'92m not going to survive this year, Jane. It\u8217\'92s too much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry shook his head with a faint smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Focus, Jake. Catherine, are you sure you can trust this Captain Tiara after all this time? A lot can change in thirty years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine gave him a sly grin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m certain. Tiara and I... let\u8217\'92s just say we\u8217\'92ve been through a lot together. She owes me a favor or two. Besides, her position\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or lack thereof\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 doesn\u8217\'92t matter. What matters is that she knows the Underground better than anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry sighed, seeming to accept this answer for now. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. If you\u8217\'92re confident, we\u8217\'92ll go with it. But for the record, I hope Tiara doesn\u8217\'92t throw us out\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or worse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie shot Henry a grateful look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks for not bailing on us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone\u8217\'92s gotta keep you three from getting yourselves killed.\u8221\'94 }}