{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The distant chirping of sparrows, filled the evening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sounds of brass musical instruments. Trombones, Tubas, Trumpets, somewhere across the school yard, practicing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The distant screeching of shoes, the rhytmic thudding of basketball being bounced at the gymnasium below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rhythmic scratching of a paintbrush against canvas filled the small room, each stroke deliberate, each movement lost in the rhythm of creation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The room smelled of acrylics and turpentine, a scent that Haruki had come to associate with freedom\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a freedom she rarely felt outside these four walls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the center of the room stood a girl, her figure silhouetted by the golden light of the setting sun streaming through the window. Haruki Fujiyama, her dark hair tied loosely in a ponytail, stood before an easel, her paintbrush moving almost instinctively across the canvas. Her brow was furrowed in concentration, her lips pressed into a thin line as she lost herself in the world she was creating. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To anyone watching, it might have seemed like she was painting a landscape or a portrait, but to Haruki, it was something more. It was a world\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a world where the colors bled into each other like emotions, where the lines blurred between reality and imagination. A world where she could be anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stepped back for a moment, tilting her head as she studied her work. The painting was abstract, a swirl of blues and purples with streaks of gold cutting through like sunlight breaking through a storm. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t perfect\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nothing ever was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but it was hers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a fleeting moment, she wondered if such a place could exist. A place where she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to argue with her father about art school, where her mother didn\u8217\'92t gently suggest she consider a \u8220\'93more practical\u8221\'94 career. A place where she could just\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 be}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , without the weight of expectations pressing down on her shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her brush hovered over the canvas as her thoughts drifted. What would it be like to live in a world where her dreams weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just dreams? Where she could paint all day, every day, and no one would tell her it was a waste of time? Where her father\u8217\'92s stern face would soften with pride instead of disappointment? She sighed, her shoulders slumping slightly. Maybe such a world only existed in her paintings. Maybe it was foolish to hope for anything more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before she could sink deeper into her thoughts, the door behind her creaked open, pulling her back to reality. The sound of footsteps and the faint jingle of a charm bracelet broke the silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honoka-chan!\u8221\'94 a sing-songy voice called out, bright and cheerful. \u8220\'93There you are! I\u8217\'92ve been looking everywhere for you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honoka didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear her at first. Her mind was still lost in the world of the book in front of her, far removed from the Editorial room. She was thinking about the stanzas\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what does the author mean, how they should interact with the other stanzas to produce deeper meaning. Why does this author used this word? Did the words mean something deeper? She murmured to herself, her pencil scribbled uncertainly over the notebook as her finger traces the pages. \u8220\'93Maybe if I try to use this word instead\u8230\'85\u8221\'94Haruki didn\u8217\'92t hear her at first. Her mind was still lost in the world of the book in front of her, far removed from the Editorial room. She was thinking about the stanzas\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what does the author mean, how they should interact with the other stanzas to produce deeper meaning. Why does this author used this word? Did the words mean something deeper? She murmured to herself, her pencil scribbled uncertainly over the notebook as her finger traces the pages. \u8220\'93Maybe if I try to use this word instead\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The girl, standing by the door with her hands on her hips, frowned when Honoka didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honoka-chan!\u8221\'94 she called again, louder this time. Still, Honoka didn\u8217\'92t turn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aw come on!\u8221\'94 The girl groaned, \u8220\'93Are you still angry at me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quietly, the girl tiptoed across the room, her sneakers making no sound on the wooden floor. She crept up behind Honoka, her hands poised to strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, with a dramatic flourish, she clapped her hands on Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders and shouted, \u8220\'93Boo!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honoka was surprised, she jolted so violently that her chair tipped backward. Her arms flailed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Books, parchments, loose papers exploded into the air, cascading down like confetti in a parade of overwork. Her body caught on an open book\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and she tumbled off her chair entirely, landing flat on her back with a heavy }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 thud}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93H-haruki?!\u8221\'94 she exclaimed, spinning around to glare at her friend. \u8220\'93What was that for?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki burst into laughter, doubling over as Honoka scowled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should\u8217\'92ve seen your face!\u8221\'94 she wheezed, clutching her stomach. \u8220\'93Priceless!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito let out another sigh and shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re impossible,\u8221\'94 he muttered, walking over to inspect the damage. \u8220\'93And now she has to fix that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki groaned, turning back to her painting. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ugh, Aiko! This was almost done!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Relax, relax! You can totally turn that into, uh\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Aiko squinted at the streak. \u8220\'93A tree branch? A shadow? A really abstract emotion?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito pinched the bridge of his nose. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or you could just not ruin her work in the first place, Aiko.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki sighed, rubbing her temple. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You two are exhausting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See?\u8221\'94 Aiko grinned, nudging Akihito. \u8220\'93She means you too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito simply crossed his arms. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At least I\u8217\'92m not the one causing her problems.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki shook her head, but despite herself, a small smile tugged at her lips. The three of them were an odd balance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Aiko\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chaos, Akihito\u8217\'92s restraint, and her own quiet focus\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but somehow, it worked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah,\u8221\'94 Aiko said, still giggling. She stepped closer, peering over Haruki\u8217\'92s shoulder at the painting. \u8220\'93Whatcha painting there, Picasso?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look up, her focus returning to the canvas. \u8220\'93Komorebi,\u8221\'94 she said simply. \u8220\'93I need practice painting light.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko tilted her head, studying the painting. It was a tree, its leaves dappled with sunlight that seemed to shimmer even in its unfinished state. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoa, that\u8217\'92s awesome!\u8221\'94 she said, her voice dripping with mock enthusiasm. \u8220\'93Is the light going to be brighter than your future?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be silly. It\u8217\'92s just a painting.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki chuckled despite herself, shaking her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why the weird question?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before Aiko could answer, Akihito cleared his throat from where he stood, arms crossed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speaking of your future,\u8221\'94 he said, his tone even but pointed, \u8220\'93you still haven\u8217\'92t filled out your Career Plans paper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mrs. Kitagawa has been asking about it all day. You\u8217\'92re one of the last people who haven\u8217\'92t submitted it.\u8221\'94 He reached into his neatly organized bag and pulled out a folded sheet of paper. \u8220\'93You left this at your desk this morning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile faltered as she looked at the paper. \u8220\'93Oh, yeah,\u8221\'94 she said quietly, setting down her painting knife. She peeled off her paint-stained gloves and apron, then took the paper from Aiko. The words \u8220\'93Career Plans\u8221\'94 were printed in bold letters at the top, and the sight of them made her stomach twist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, have you thought of any?\u8221\'94 Aiko asked, leaning casually against the table. Her tone was light, but her eyes were curious, searching Haruki\u8217\'92s face for an answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki sighed, setting the Career Plans paper down on the table. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m not sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito, who had been re-organising his bag, glanced up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about Tokyo University?\u8221\'94 he suggested. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re one of our best painters in the Art Club. Their fine arts program is one of the best. My older brother goes there to study computer science, he says the professors are amazing, and their alumni do well in the industry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki hesitated, her fingers tightening around her paintbrush. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko perked up at the idea. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ohhh, that\u8217\'92s a great idea! You\u8217\'92d totally get in,\u8221\'94 she said, nudging Haruki with her elbow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But instead of excitement, Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders slumped. She turned back to her painting, brushing light strokes onto the canvas as if to distract herself. \u8220\'93You know my dad,\u8221\'94 she murmured. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92d rather I become a doctor or something \u8216\'91respectable\u8217\'92 than go there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito frowned slightly but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t push. Aiko, on the other hand, scoffed. \u8220\'93Pfft, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 respectable}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ? As if painting isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just as important!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito gave her a pointed look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not how the world works, Aiko.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah,\u8221\'94 Aiko waved him off before turning back to Haruki. \u8220\'93But seriously, Haru-chan, don\u8217\'92t let your dad kill your dreams.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki swallowed, eyes lingering on the painting in front of her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 she admitted. \u8220\'93Maybe it\u8217\'92s not a dream if I can\u8217\'92t even say it out loud.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko frowned, crossing her arms. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not? Didn\u8217\'92t one of the seniors from Art Club go there?\u8221\'94 She tapped her chin, trying to remember. \u8220\'93I think she used to be the vice president of the Art Club back when we were first-years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki paused, her brush hovering over the canvas. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Matsuda-senpai?\u8221\'94 she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah! Yaeko Matsuda!\u8221\'94 Aiko said, snapping her fingers. \u8220\'93Her paintings were gorgeous. Didn\u8217\'92t she go to Tokyo University to pursue fine arts?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aiko\u8230\'85 Didn\u8217\'92t you know?\u8221\'94 Akihito said, \u8220\'93She never enrolled.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait,\u8221\'94 Haruki swiftly turned to him, for a second, she abandoned her painting to fully turn towards them. \u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Although my brother didn\u8217\'92t study fine arts there, he is studying computer science,\u8221\'94 Akihito explained. \u8220\'93I asked him about Matsuda-senpai once, just out of curiosity. But when he checked, she wasn\u8217\'92t on any student lists. None of the professors had heard of her, and even the students she was supposed to be friends with had no idea where she went.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki fell silent, her expression darkening. The room seemed to grow colder, the cheerful chatter of the brass band outside, the rhytmic thudding, screeching and cheer from the gymnasium below fading into the background. She set her brush down and turned fully to face him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko blinked, confused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait\u8230\'85 so what are you saying?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito exhaled, folding his arms. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. Just that she disappeared before graduation, and nobody\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not her classmates, not even her close friends\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 knows where she went.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s playful demeanor flickered, replaced by unease. \u8220\'93Are you implying that she\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer right away. Her fingers tightened around the brush in her hand. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Disappeared?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  That couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her gaze drifted past Akihito and Aiko, toward the wall of polaroid photos behind them. The Art Club\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s memories, snapshots of their weekly plein-air painting sessions, their shared laughter, the occasional paint-smudged chaos. Her eyes scanned over familiar faces, frozen mid-laughter, mid-brushstroke, before landing on one particular photo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yaeko Matsuda.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her hair was tied in a neat braid, round glasses perched on her nose, a gentle yet confident smile on her face. Below the picture, scrawled in thick marker, were the words: }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Fight on, Vice President Matsuda!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat tightened. Back when she was a first-year, she had looked up to Matsuda more than anyone. It was Matsuda who had trusted her, who had passed on the role of Vice President before her graduation. Haruki had always believed that Matsuda was out there, pursuing her dreams, painting, creating\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just as she had always encouraged Haruki to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But what if she never made it?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki swallowed, her fingers loosening from the brush. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That can\u8217\'92t be right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She tore her gaze away from the photo, but the weight in her chest remained. The room felt colder, the usual warmth of the Art Club replaced with something hollow and uncertain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a moment, none of them spoke. The distant sound of the brass band outside felt oddly out of place, as if the world beyond their quiet art room had no idea that a mystery had just settled in the space between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, Akihito exhaled and ran a hand through his hair. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry,\u8221\'94 he said, offering a sheepish smile. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t mean to make the room feel like a horror story.\u8221\'94 He leaned back against the table, glancing between them. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s probably just a rumor, anyway. A big university like Tokyo? My brother might\u8217\'92ve just had bad luck trying to find her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki let out a breath she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t realized she was holding. The tension eased, if only slightly. \u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85 maybe,\u8221\'94 she murmured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko, sensing the shift, clapped her hands together. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright! Enough ghost stories before sunset.\u8221\'94 She stretched, her usual energy returning, though there was still a flicker of unease in her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki forced a small smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tidy up for a bit, then I\u8217\'92ll meet you at the bicycle park.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Got it!\u8221\'94 Aiko chirped, her usual sing-songy voice back in full force. But as she turned to leave, she paused at the doorframe, glancing back at Haruki. \u8220\'93Hey, Haruki-chan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki raised an eyebrow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you thought of any career path, just off the top of your head?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki tilted her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Off the top of my head\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quick! Answer, no time!\u8221\'94 Aiko teased, rocking on her heels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki hesitated for a moment, then smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Art school,\u8221\'94 she said firmly. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s on the top of my head.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile widened, and she gave Haruki a thumbs-up. \u8220\'93Then write it on your paper and submit it before Mrs. Kitagawa continues nagging me about it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki laughed, the last remnants of tension finally lifting. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will, I will. Now go on, I\u8217\'92ll catch up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Aiko disappeared down the hallway, her footsteps echoing faintly, Haruki turned back to her painting. The }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 komorebi}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the sunlight filtering through the leaves\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 seemed to glow brighter now, as if reflecting the spark of determination in her heart. She dipped her brush into the thinner, cleaning it carefully before putting everything in its place. }}