{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The streets of Aetherell Reach blurred past him, gaslamps flickering like dying stars as he pushed himself forward, lungs burning, slippers slapping against stone. The chill of the northern district clawed at his skin\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 through his thin t-shirt, through his worn jacket\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as if the night itself wanted to slow him down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His breath came in ragged bursts, each one sharp in his throat. The frost-bitten wind stung his eyes, numbed his fingers, howled past his ears like a warning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but still, he ran.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d outrun the Student Council back at the quad, their shouts falling behind him, swallowed by the dark. He didn\u8217\'92t look back. Couldn\u8217\'92t bear the thought of losing time. Every second pounded louder than his footsteps.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Please be alright.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aetherell Reach was quieter than usual. Windows shuttered. Market stalls empty. Only the occasional flutter of paper in the gutter or the creak of a distant weathervane marked the silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned a corner too fast, nearly lost his footing on a slick patch of cobble, caught himself on a lamppost, and kept moving. His legs screamed, but his mind screamed louder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice echoed in his memory\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 panicked, cut short. That sound at the end. The static. Her breath catching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something was wrong. Deeply wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The familiar row of apartments came into view up ahead, their rooftops hunched against the dark. Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s place was just beyond the iron arch with the ivy-covered wall, the one she\u8217\'92d once pointed out to him with a quiet smile and a joke about noisy upstairs neighbors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He passed beneath it now, breath ragged, eyes scanning every shadow, every doorway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then he saw it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The phone booth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door hung ajar. One panel of glass shattered at the base. The receiver swayed gently on its cord like a pendulum, clinking softly against the frame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie slowed, chest heaving, heart somewhere in his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine?\u8221\'94 he called out, voice hoarse. \u8220\'93Madeleine!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No answer. Just the rustle of the ivy. The night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A dim glow pulsed from the jade ring on his right hand. Soft green lines curled outward from the gem, forming a faint, floating transmutation circle that hovered just above his knuckles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He inched forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flicked to the windows above. Empty. Dark. Watching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His fingers twitched at his sides. With each step, the weight in his chest grew heavier, the air colder. The transmutation circle sparked faintly as his boot brushed over broken glass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He reached the booth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Paused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looked inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And opened the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It creaked\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 slow, deliberate, far too loud. He winced at the sound, then froze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No sign of a struggle. No blood. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only a single object lay on the ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her wand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Abandoned. Resting in a small patch of frost just beneath the shattered glass, its wood chipped at the grip, still faintly warm with her magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The chill that ran through him now had nothing to do with the wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He crouched slowly, picked up the wand, cradled it in both hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His heart hammered in his ears. His mind screamed to reject the sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have left this behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of hers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie dropped to his knees beside it, heart in freefall.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The wand trembled in his hands. He was so lost in the cold, hollow space that had opened up inside him that he didn't hear the footsteps approaching until they stopped right behind him.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, well. Cornered at last.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The voice was sharp, cold, and laced with victory. Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to look up to know it was Victoria Aynesworth. He could feel the smug authority radiating from her.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s over, Welton,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice devoid of any sympathy for the scene she\u8217\'92d just walked into. \u8220\'93Go back to your dorm now, and this will end with a simple suspension. Continue to be a problem, and I will personally deliver your expulsion papers to the Dean\u8217\'92s office tomorrow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move. He didn\u8217\'92t speak. He just knelt there, staring at the wand, the world outside muted by the roaring in his ears.}
\par\plain {Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s patience snapped. \u8220\'93Did you hear me?\u8221\'94 she repeated, her voice louder now. When he still didn\u8217\'92t respond, she made a sharp, decisive sound of disgust.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stun him,\u8221\'94 she ordered her two guards with cold finality. \u8220\'93We can carry him back to his dorm. I\u8217\'92ll make the report tomorrow so he can pack his things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {One of the bulky Student Council members nodded and began to reach for the wand tucked into his belt.}
\par\plain {But just as his fingers closed around the handle, a sudden movement in a dark alleyway to their left caught Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eye. She spun around, her expression sharp with alarm.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who goes there?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Before anyone could answer, a bright blue transmutation circle flared to life in the alley's mouth, bathing the street in an ethereal glow. A split second later, a powerful shockwave erupted from it, not with a bang, but with a deep, resonant }{\f0\fs24\i1 thump}{ that seemed to compress the very air.}
\par\plain {Victoria and her two guards were thrown backward off their feet, yelps of surprise cut short as they sailed through the air. But they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hit the ground. From the cracks between the cobblestones, thick, leafy vines erupted with impossible speed, weaving into a living net that caught them, then wrapped around their limbs, holding them suspended and unconscious a foot above the ground.}
\par\plain {The sudden blast of magic shook Eddie from his stupor. He looked up, his eyes wide with confusion, searching the shadows for the source of the attack. Who else was here?}
\par\plain {And then, a familiar, exasperated voice drifted from the alley.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94 it said. \u8220\'93A shockwave? Were you trying to stun them or kill them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, that\u8217\'92s why I asked you to conjure the vines, alright?\u8221\'94 another familiar voice shot back, defensive. \u8220\'93See? They\u8217\'92re fine!\u8221\'94 The figure of Will stepped out of the alley, followed closely by Ashley. }
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze immediately found Eddie, his bravado melting away into pure concern. \u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter now. Eddie!\u8221\'94 he said, rushing to his side. \u8220\'93Are you alright?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s question hung in the air, but Eddie barely heard it. His gaze was fixed on the empty phone booth, on the space where Madeleine had been. The reality of it crashed over him in a sickening wave.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93M-Madeleine,\u8221\'94 he stammered, his voice cracking as he scrambled to his feet. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve got Madeleine!\u8221\'94 The words tore from his throat, culminating in a raw, guttural scream of pure anguish that echoed in the cold, empty street.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93H-hey, I know, I know,\u8221\'94 Will said, grabbing Eddie\u8217\'92s arm to steady him as he swayed. Ashley moved to his other side, her presence a silent support. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll get you back to the dorm, okay? We\u8217\'92ll figure it out there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No!\u8221\'94 Eddie thrashed, trying to pull away. His eyes were wild. \u8220\'93I need to find her! Now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I know, but you can\u8217\'92t just go running out there, it\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Will started, struggling to hold him back.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let go of me!\u8221\'94 Eddie bellowed, shoving at him with all his strength.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen to me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s roar was so sudden, so uncharacteristically loud and forceful, that it shocked Eddie into stillness. He froze, breathing heavily, staring at his friend. He had never heard Will shout before. Ever.}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest was heaving, his own fear and frustration finally boiling over. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get it,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice still shaking but firm now. \u8220\'93Something is terribly wrong, and you want to right that wrong. But you cannot do it alone! Not anymore!\u8221\'94 He looked Eddie dead in the eyes. \u8220\'93You need to realize what you\u8217\'92re up against.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His expression softened, the anger draining away, leaving only a deep, pleading concern. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You just need to let us help you, Eddie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The fight went out of Eddie all at once. He sank back to his knees, the adrenaline replaced by a crushing wave of despair. He looked down at the wand in his hands.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s over,\u8221\'94 he whispered, his voice hollow. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing we can do. They have her now.\u8221\'94 His breath hitched, and the guilt he\u8217\'92d been holding back poured out. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my fault. I dragged her into this. I went to the Sanctuary\u8230\'85  I should have just stayed back in the dorm like you said.\u8221\'94 He finally looked at Will, his eyes shimmering with unshed tears. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s over, Will. There\u8217\'92s nothing we can do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Nobody spoke. The only sound was the wind rustling the ivy on the nearby wall. Eddie stared at him, confused, hanging on to his words.}
\par\plain {Will leaned in closer, his voice dropping but gaining an intensity that felt ancient and wise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is not over, when you deem it is not over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The world stopped. The words struck Eddie with the force of a physical blow, an echo from a past he thought he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d left behind. He stared at Will, bewildered. He had heard that phrase before, long, long ago, in another lifetime it seemed.}
\par\plain {Will saw the flicker of recognition in his friend\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes and pressed on, his voice earnest. \u8220\'93You might feel hopeless right now, Eddie, but it\u8217\'92s far from over.\u8221\'94 He gestured around them, at the night, at his friends. \u8220\'93You still have us. You still have time. You still have the information you risked everything for tonight. It is far, far from over. You just need to believe in yourself again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And in us.\u8221\'94 Ashley added, smiling at him.}
\par\plain {Will looked at her, and then stood up, brushing the dust from his knees. He looked down at Eddie and offered his hand.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on,\u8221\'94 he said, a hint of his usual pragmatic urgency returning. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get going before anyone sees us stunning the head of the Student Council.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie sat there on the cold ground, looking from Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s outstretched hand to Ashley\u8217\'92s steady face beside him. She gave him a small, encouraging nod. He was right. He couldn\u8217\'92t do it alone. He shouldn\u8217\'92t have to.}
\par\plain {And those words\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Catherine\u8217\'92s words. Even after a year, after everything that had happened, her teachings had found him here, at his lowest point, spoken by his best friend. The sheer, absurd irony of it all bubbled up inside him, and he let out a short, choked laugh. It was a morbid sound in the heavy silence, but it was a laugh nonetheless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Damn you, Catherine,\u8221\'94}{ Eddie whispered to himself, a wry, bittersweet smile touching his lips. He looked up at Will. }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You never leave me alone, huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He grabbed his friend\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand, and Will pulled him firmly to his feet.}
\par\plain {Eddie stood, taking a deep breath, the crushing weight on his chest feeling just a little lighter. He looked at his friends, truly a part of their team again.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s go,\u8221\'94 Will said, and they turned as one, breaking into a run back toward the safety of their dorm.}
\par\plain {They ran in sync for a few paces before Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice, full of genuine curiosity, cut through the rhythmic sound of their footsteps, \u8220\'93Hey, who\u8217\'92s Catherine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie glanced over at her, the fond, mysterious smile returning to his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eh,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice light for the first time all night. \u8220\'93Nobody you should know about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, come on!\u8221\'94 Ashley protested, jogging to keep up. \u8220\'93Why is everyone keeping secrets now?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}