{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Things had always been a little off at 57th Howcliffe Road.}
\par\plain {Edward Welton\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eddie, to most\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 couldn't remember exactly when the weirdness began. But if you asked him, he'd say it started sometime around his twelfth birthday, right around the time he began seeing things. Not ghosts, not shadows, but something far stranger. The world, to him, was made of dust\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 glimmering, writhing dust that shimmered in the light and shifted when no one else seemed to notice. Trees weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just trees; they were oceans of particles, drifting in slow, deliberate swirls. Stones breathed. Teacups had a heartbeat. The whole town, nestled near the white cliffs of Dover, felt like it was always quietly rearranging itself, grain by grain.}
\par\plain {People said he was bright. Thoughtful. A little too quiet. Teachers caught him zoning out, eyes locked on nothing, or perhaps on something only he could see. When asked what was wrong, Eddie would blink, come back to earth, and say softly: }{\f0\fs24\i1 "I can see the dust moving."}
\par\plain {By fifteen, they gave it a name. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Schizophrenia}{, they called it. Medication followed. So did the quiet looks in the school corridors, the hushed voices from the kitchen when he passed by. But Eddie knew better. Deep down, he knew the world wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t broken\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and neither was he.}
\par\plain {It was just... different. And he was starting to suspect that maybe he was too.}
\par\plain {It had been years since the diagnosis. Years since the pills dulled the edges of his vision and the swirling dust began to settle. }
\par\plain {Now, at eighteen, Eddie could almost convince himself that whatever he'd seen back then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whatever }{\f0\fs24\i1 it}{ was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had faded into nothing more than a strange memory.}
\par\plain {Almost.}
\par\plain {The truth was, the visions never truly left. They softened, quieted. These days, the dust moved slower, less urgently. Sometimes it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move at all unless he stared long enough. And Eddie had learned, long ago, not to stare. Not in public, anyway.}
\par\plain {He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just finished sixth form. Barely. The end of school felt more like the ticking of a clock than the closing of a chapter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 countdown to something he wasn\u8217\'92t quite ready for. University forms were filled, applications sent, rejections trickling in like drips from a leaky tap. It wasn\u8217\'92t that he wasn\u8217\'92t trying. He had }{\f0\fs24\i1 tried}{. But with his patchy grades and his spotty explanations, what was there to go on?}
\par\plain {Chemistry was the only subject that made sense to him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 made too much sense, sometimes. Solutions spoke to him. Compounds whispered. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to check the pH; he could feel it in the sting of the air. He didn\u8217\'92t }{\f0\fs24\i1 measure}{, not really. He }{\f0\fs24\i1 knew}{. Of course, that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t translate well to exams. Teachers praised his results but raised eyebrows at his working. }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You skipped steps again, Mr.Welton,\u8221\'94}{ they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d say. }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You need to explain how you got there.\u8221\'94}{ But how do you explain instincts honed by visions no one believed were real?}
\par\plain {No scholarship board wanted a boy who couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t explain his brilliance, and no university wanted a file with more question marks than grades. So now he waited. Hung in limbo.}
\par\plain {His father had already laid out a Plan B. An apprenticeship at a local mechanics\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 firm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stable, honest work. The kind of job you could hold your head up for. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s good pay,\u8221\'94 his dad had said over breakfast last week, toast in one hand, newspaper in the other. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re clever with your hands. It wouldn\u8217\'92t be so bad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {It wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. But Eddie couldn\u8217\'92t shake the feeling\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 deep in his gut, down to his bones\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that he belonged somewhere else. Somewhere }{\f0\fs24\i1 bigger}{. Somewhere stranger. Somewhere he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to pretend that dust wasn\u8217\'92t dancing in the corners of his eyes.}
\par\plain {He gave himself until the end of the summer. If no offer came, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d take the apprenticeship.}
\par\plain {Downstairs, the scent of browned toast and fried tomatoes drifted through the hallway like a morning bell.}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton stood at the stove, her hair pinned up in the usual messy knot, sleeves rolled to her elbows. She moved with practiced ease, buttering toast with one hand and flipping eggs with the other, the radio murmuring softly from the windowsill\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 some old soul track she only half-listened to.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\i1 Torrie!}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she called, loud enough to reach upstairs. \u8220\'93Come on, love, breakfast!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A muffled clatter followed by the sound of feet scampering over floorboards answered her. The girl was always running late, always in a flurry of books, satchels, and half-brushed hair. Still, Mrs. Welton smiled to herself. It was nice, having at least one of them still excited about school.}
\par\plain {She glanced toward the stairs, listening for Eddie. Nothing.}
\par\plain {He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been quieter lately. Not unusual, but still enough to tug at that part of a mother\u8217\'92s mind that never stopped worrying. She knew he was trying, poor thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92d always tried\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but something about him lately felt heavier. Like he was waiting for a door to open that never quite did.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\i1 Eddie!}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she called, this time more gently. \u8220\'93Breakfast\u8217\'92s ready, sweetheart.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {No reply. Just the faint creak of floorboards above.}
\par\plain {Torrie tumbled into the room, still pulling on her cardigan, glasses slightly askew. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Smells amazing!\u8221\'94 she beamed, dropping her bag by her chair.}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton placed a plate in front of her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sit. Eat. And for heaven\u8217\'92s sake, brush that fringe before you leave.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie grinned, already reaching for the toast.}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton turned from the stove and smiled as she looked at her daughter, seated eagerly at the table.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at you,\u8221\'94 she said, voice warm with pride. \u8220\'93Beginning secondary school. You're growing up so fast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie grinned, her mouth already half-full of toast. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m excited,\u8221\'94 she said, swallowing quickly. \u8220\'93But also a bit nervous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s perfectly normal, love,\u8221\'94 Mrs. Welton replied, sitting down across from her with a steaming cup of tea in hand. \u8220\'93You remind me of your brother when }{\f0\fs24\i1 he}{ started secondary school. Quiet at first, like a little mouse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but give it a week, and he was darting off on his own, always in some sort of adventure.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes lit up. \u8220\'93Really? What was Eddie like back then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton chuckled softly, stirring her tea. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Curious. Almost }{\f0\fs24\i1 too}{ curious, if I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m honest. He was the kind of boy who wanted to know how everything worked\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whether it was the toaster or the shed\u8217\'92s lock or the neighbor\u8217\'92s old lawnmower. I can\u8217\'92t count the number of times the school rang because he\u8217\'92d accidentally burned his hand or melted something he shouldn\u8217\'92t have touched.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She paused, smiling to herself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But he always meant well. Just had a mind that liked to wander places it wasn\u8217\'92t supposed to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie giggled at the thought, eyes flicking toward the ceiling.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speaking of your brother\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Mrs. Welton said, glancing toward the staircase with a faint furrow of her brow. \u8220\'93Where is he? Didn\u8217\'92t he say he\u8217\'92d be the one to take you to your new school?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie shrugged. "Haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seen him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton exhaled, rubbing her temple. "Of course." She stood, pushing her chair back with a sigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then she cupped her hands around her mouth and called up the stairs. "Edward?!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton huffed. "You stay here, hon. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll go see if he\u8217\'92s still in his room."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned and strode toward the staircase, muttering under her breath. Torrie just smiled, spooning up a mouthful of soup as she waited.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}