{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The golden glow of the Eden Flowers lined their way as Eddie, Markus, Torrie, and Catherine walked the Traveller\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path. At first, the forest around them felt almost tranquil\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tall trees and whispering leaves forming a serene backdrop. But as they ventured further, the air seemed to shift.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The trees grew thicker, their massive trunks now as wide as the houses back in Mariner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Reach. The bark, gnarled and ancient, seemed to hum faintly, as if alive with the forest\u8217\'92s latent magic. Above, the canopy stretched so high that its uppermost branches disappeared into a swirling mist, shrouding the sky. Shafts of golden light occasionally pierced through, illuminating patches of vibrant moss and glowing mushrooms that clung to the enormous roots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "This\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 this doesn\u8217\'92t feel real," Markus muttered, craning his neck to take it all in. "It\u8217\'92s like we\u8217\'92ve walked into another world."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie said nothing, too caught up in the grandeur to respond. The sheer scale of the forest around them filled him with a mix of awe and smallness, as though they had stepped into the domain of ancient giants. Torrie clung to Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sleeve, her earlier fear of the dark now replaced by wide-eyed wonder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eventually, Catherine came to a halt, raising her hand to signal the others. She turned, her expression calm but filled with quiet reverence. "We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve arrived," she announced. Her voice carried a certain weight, as if to honor the place they now stood. "This is the Heart of the Deep Glaive\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the deepest, most ancient part of the Illusory Forest. We can rest here for now."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eager to explore, Eddie and Markus exchanged a glance before wandering off the path, keeping close enough to stay within sight of the glowing flowers. They marveled at the unique vegetation that thrived on the massive tree trunks\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 vivid green mosses with faint silver veins, delicate flowers that shimmered with an iridescent glow, and clusters of mushrooms that emitted soft blue light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "This\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 this is incredible!" Markus exclaimed, his voice tinged with childlike glee. "Do you see this, Eddie? These are Everglow Mushrooms! And that moss\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s Silverweave. These are rare\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 used for potent potions back at the apothecary!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie leaned closer to inspect a flower with translucent petals. "Goldenheart Bloom," he murmured, recognizing it from the apothecary books he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d studied. "It\u8217\'92s said to enhance healing potions. This is worth a fortune."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus grinned. "Catherine, can we pick these? Please tell me we can pick these."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine, who had been watching from the path, gave a small laugh. "The forest is generous," she said. "Anything along the Traveller\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path is free for you to take. Just don\u8217\'92t stray too far."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was all the encouragement Markus needed. He and Eddie began carefully gathering the rare ingredients, their earlier fatigue forgotten in their excitement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, Torrie sat cross-legged on the path, her attention captured by the Eden Flowers. She carefully plucked a few blooms, weaving them together into a delicate crown. The golden light of the flowers reflected in her wide grin as she placed the crown on her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "How do I look?" she asked, turning to show Catherine, Eddie, and Markus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine smiled warmly, her sharp Elven features softening. "Radiant," she said, her voice kind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus chuckled, shaking his head. "Like a queen of the forest."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie smirked, but his expression held a hint of affection. "Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let it go to your head, Torrie."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The group seemed to relax for the first time since their journey began. The forest, once so mysterious and foreboding, now felt welcoming, almost protective. The glow of the Eden Flowers and the ancient grandeur of the Heart of the Deep Glaive filled them with a sense of peace and belonging.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For now, all seemed well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After gathering, Eddie and Markus settled back to the Traveller\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path, joining Torrie. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie, in her innocent gesture puts two of the Eden Flower crowns on top of Markus and Eddie, he could see to that Catherine also had one in her head, and Torrie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to be stopping making the crowns.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The group settled into their tasks}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Markus was enthusiastically cataloging their gathered ingredients, while Torrie was lost in her whimsical crown-making, the golden glow of the Eden Flowers framing her like a picture from a storybook. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze lingered on Catherine as. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stood apart from the group, her hand clutching something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a map, Eddie realized\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her expression drawn tight with frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She should be pleased, Eddie thought. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d reached the Heart of the Deep Glaive, a place so ancient and mysterious that just walking there felt like stepping into legend. But Catherine didn\u8217\'92t look triumphant. Her sharp Elven features were furrowed in concentration, and there was a glimmer of something else in her eyes. Disappointment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It hit him like a blast of cold air. The conversation they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d had a few nights ago, outside the Swordfish Pub, rushed back to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t here for rare ingredients.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like him, Markus, or Torrie. She wasn\u8217\'92t here to marvel at the grandeur of the forest or to collect rare herbs. She was here for something much bigger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An artifact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie hesitated, watching her as she unfolded the map, the parchment old and weathered, its edges frayed and stained with dirt. The runes scrawled across it glowed faintly in the dim light, and she studied it with a mixture of disbelief and growing frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine then walked to the edge of the Traveller\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path just next to Eddie. Her gaze was overlooking the abyss in front of her, the seeming darkness that enveloped the Illusory forest, as if searching something beyond its darkness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Looking at her, Eddie stood up and looked to the direction Catherine is gazing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice Eddie\u8217\'92s presence at first, her grip on the map tightening. When she finally noticed him, she sighed. "We didn\u8217\'92t arrive where I thought we would," she admitted, her voice quiet but steady.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie frowned, glancing at the map. "What do you mean? This is the Heart of the Deep Glaive. Isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t this\u8230\'85 where you wanted to be?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine shook her head, a frustrated sigh escaping her lips. She tapped a spot on the map, near a series of intricate symbols. "The Traveler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path doesn\u8217\'92t lead directly to the ruins I was hoping to explore. I thought it might cross through, but\u8230\'85 it doesn\u8217\'92t." She turned her gaze toward the shadowy expanse of the forest beyond the glowing Eden Flowers. "The ruins are only a few meters off the path. Not far."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stared at her, the weight of her words sinking in. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Going over?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  She wanted to leave the safety of the Traveler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the only thing keeping them from being swallowed whole by the illusory magic of the forest\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and venture into the unknown?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Are you crazy?" The words escaped him before he could stop them.}}