{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air that hit her as she stumbled from the lab\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hidden exit was thick with the smells of scorched earth and damp limestone. Before her, a landscape of ruin stretched out under a bruised, violet sky. The ground littered with shattered military ruins and crumbling gateways, all centered around a sight that made her yes widen in horror: the colossal, stone head of an eagle, toppled from its throne and half-buried in the earth, its serene expression now facing the heavens in silent judgment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was in a valley of giants, a graveyard of forgotten deities. Fear, a cold and familiar companion from the moment she awoke, tightened its grip. She didn't know this place, this world, or even herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A harsh, metallic voice sliced through her paralysis. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Unit designation unrecognized. Cease all movement. Comply."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aruna spun, every synthetic muscle in her body locking. Two sleek, black robots stood not far from her, their weapon raised and leveled at her. Their red optic sensors were static points of light, devoid of anything but analysis. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They began to advance with an unnatural, synchronized glide over the broken terrain, their forms cutting a stark profile against the rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Wait!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 " she shouted, "Please, you're making a mistake. I... I'm lost." She gestured vaguely at the opening towards the lab, then down at her own chrome and porcelain hands. "I just woke up here. I don't know this place.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was no shift in their posture, no flicker of understanding in their optics. They stopped, holding their position, weapons humming. The lead unit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s speaker crackled. "Negative. Hostile rhetoric detected. This is your final warning."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just then, a third trooper stepped into view from behind a crumbled gateway. Its chassis was heavier, its shoulder plates marked with stark, white chevrons. It regarded the scene with a slow, sweeping scan of its optic sensor. The two troopers swiveled their heads toward it in perfect, instantaneous unison.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Status report}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ," the commander demanded, its voice a lower, more resonant monotone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Designation unrecognized}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ," the lead trooper replied. "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Non-compliant. Awaiting directive}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The commander\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s red eye settled on Aruna. It was a glance that lasted no more than a second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Eliminate it}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In their cold calculus, she wasn't a person, just a problem to be erased. A wave of pure, abject hopelessness washed over her. This was it. This was her end, just moments after her beginning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 H-hey now}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She stammered, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure this is a misunderstanding. If you could just... point me somewhere else, I'll be on my way."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A curt, binary screech echoed from the commander, and the two troopers snapped their rifles into firing position. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Please! Let me go!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Crimson glow radiated from their barrels.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\i1 But then.}
\par\plain {A piercing, synthetic screech tore through the valley, a sound like a bird of prey's cry fed through a corrupted data file. }
\par\plain {It was a sound so foreign yet commanding. The crackle of the troopers' charged weapons died. She braced for impact, but found herself held in a moment of paralysis with her would-be executioners.}
\par\plain {The troopers broke first. Their synchronized efficiency shattered. Their heads swiveled, scanning the violet sky. The commander\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s deep robotic voice crackled with digital static. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Threat assessment updated! Switch protocol! Airborne target!"}
\par\plain {Then it happened.}
\par\plain {It happened so quick, a crack of bullet, a shadow moving faster than her eyes could properly track. High-pitched }{\f0\fs24\i1 shriek }{from the trooper on the left. Aruna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze snapped to it just as the trooper staggered back, its rifle arm lowering. Where its glowing red optic sensor had been, there was now only a gaping, circular hole fizzing with sparks and leaking coolant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Visuals compromised! Target evasive!}{" the trooper yelled, firing a wild, uncontrolled burst of crimson energy at the empty sky. They are shooting at a ghost.}
\par\plain {Another swoop. Another flicker of motion too fast to comprehend. The trooper let out another electronic screech and stumbled, clutching its face. Both of its optic sensor gone.}
\par\plain {Now frantic, the commander and the trooper fired aimlessly, their shots strafing the crumbling stone gateways around them as the other blinded trooper fired at everything but the sky. }
\par\plain {Then, she saw it. The attacker, a shape of polished white and gold, landed with silence on the back of the blinded trooper. It was a great mechanical bird. With talons like surgical tools, it pried open a panel at the base of the trooper's skull and plunged its beak into the nest of fiber optics and wiring within.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Hostile entity on unit two! Open fire!"}{ the commander barked, turning its weapon. But it was too late. The blinded trooper was turning, its movements clumsy. They both tried to shoot the bird, but their energy bolts slammed into the front panel and shoulders of the trooper being hacked, blasting away its front chassis to reveal the silver skeleton and internals beneath.}
\par\plain {A new voice, flat and devoid of inflection, came from the hijacked unit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Manual Override. Engaged."}
\par\plain {The hijacked trooper, with the mechanical bird still perched on its back, straightened up. Before the commander could process the new threat, the hijacked unit raised its rifle. }
\par\plain {It opened fire, unleashing wild, rapid bursts of crimson bolts. The torrents tore through the first trooper, then chewed into the commander. Metal screamed and buckled as the two troopers ripped apart, their systems failing in a cascade of sparks and agonized, static-filled screeches.}
\par\plain {As the last of its targets collapsed into smoldering ruin, the hacked trooper stood for a moment, trembling. Its limbs locked, its internal mechanisms whined.}
\par\plain {And then it, too, fell forward, crashing onto the ground. }
\par\plain {The three-trooper squad was eliminated.}
\par\plain {Silence returned to the valley. }
\par\plain {The mechanical bird detached itself from the back of the fallen trooper units. With a silent beat of its porcelain wings, it ascended, landing gracefully on the arm of a colossal, toppled stone statue, its new perch overlooking the scene of carnage. Only then did it turn its head to look down at her.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "My analysis suggested a 97.4% probability that verbal negotiation would be ineffective,"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it stated, its voice a calm, synthesized tenor that was the most calming sound she had ever heard since her awakening. "I apologize for the delay in my intervention. I was calculating the optimal moment for an entrance."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What... Who are you?" she stammered, taking a half-step back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93D-did you just speak?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I am designation EG-5077, also known as }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Eagle}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ," it replied, turning back to face the remaining troopers, who were now a smoldering, sparking mess. "That is of secondary importance. My primary objective is your continued function and health, in which you have recklessly wasted away by negotiating with a hostile threat."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "M-}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 My function?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Is that what I am now?!" Aruna gasped, offended both by being called a function, and worse of all, being called reckless. "Do you think I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m a machine to be kept running like some bloody computer? Didn\u8217\'92t you see those things were going to kill me?!" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "A predictable outcome," Eagle stated flatly. "Those machines are Trooper Units. Part of the Karma's network of robotic enforcers roaming around here, They perceive you as an anomaly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Anomaly? Wh-\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 Aruna stopped, \u8220\'93W-Why? Why me? I don't even know who I am! How\u8217\'92d I get here? And how\u8217\'92d I become an \u8220\'93Anomaly\u8221\'94! And who\u8217\'92s Karma?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the first time, the machine hesitated. It tilted its head, its optic lenses dilating slightly. "It seemed that your data banks is heavily fragmented.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eagle then fluttered down, now perching on top of the remains of one of the Troopers, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If answer regarding your identity is what you want. Then your name is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Aruna}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . That is what I was told to refer to you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Told?\u8221\'94 Aruna asked, \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 By who-}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before she could grasp the anchor of that single word, a burst of harsh, coded chatter erupted from the fallen trooper's comms unit. Eagle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head snapped towards the sound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Trooper Units are requesting heavy reinforcements," it announced, its calm tone turned into urgency. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m afraid I cannot provide you with more informations for we have to leave. Immediately."}}