{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine stood squarely before the dragon, her earlier wounds seemingly erased, as if the very concept of pain had never touched her. Elves were said to heal fast, their bodies resilient beyond mortal comprehension\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but seeing it firsthand, seeing her move with such precision, was nothing short of myth made real.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She lifted her staff, then a shattered column from the ruins trembled, it shot forward like a cannonball\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hurtling straight at the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The beast turned sharply\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just in time for the debris to smash against its snout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The strike wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t enough to harm it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But it was enough to enrage it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s five glowing eyes flared with fury.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It let out a guttural snarl, jaws snapping, and lunged toward Catherine, moving like a shadow, a blur of ice and malice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine rolled beneath it, slipping under the beast\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s massive body with the grace of wind itself. She glided over the frozen rubble, weightless, effortless, as if the world itself bent to her will.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edward! The gunpowder! Now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hesitate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He tore the ammunition satchel from his shoulder and hurled it toward her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine caught it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Or rather, she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The satchel never touched her hands. Instead, it hovered, suspended in mid-air, caught in the torrents of wind spiraling around her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she, too, was floating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His injuries, the pain in his ribs momentarily forgotten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine held her staff aloft, eyes glowing like embers, and spoke in a tongue older than time itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was Elvish\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but not the kind Eddie had ever heard before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Older\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 More ancient\u8230\'85 More primal\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A large transmutation circle flared beneath her, its glow casting shifting shadows across the ruins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Circles ignited one after another, rising, expanding, multiplying\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 until the very sky burned with their radiance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Orange, Red. Like the sun had shattered, as if she had called upon the sun itself into the night, and its fragments had been sewn into the heavens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie could barely breathe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dragon turned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And in the beast\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s many eyes, reflected in the glow of the spiraling sigils above, Eddie saw something he had never seen before in a beast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Not anger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nor rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 But Fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Catherine brought her staff down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Like an executioner\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s axe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Like a warlord commanding an army.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Like a knight delivering the final blow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And from the transmutation circles\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At first, fireballs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then more of them\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Until eventually\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 a fire storm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A maelstrom of molten lead and infernal flames rained down upon the Nightingale Dragon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Each blast pierced its obsidian scales, the molten metal searing through its hide, embedding into flesh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dragon shrieked in agony.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It staggered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It lurched back, trying to shield itself with its wings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but the firestorm was unstoppable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine pushed forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With every step she took, the inferno intensified.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dragon backed away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 One step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It spread its wings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A single, powerful beat sent a shockwave of dust and debris spiraling into the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The beast hurled itself backward, rising\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 slowly at first, then faster, faster, until it was nothing but a dark silhouette against the burning sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine lifted her gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dragon let out one final, piercing shriek\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The transmutation circles dimmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The firestorm ceased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine floated back down, her feet touching the frostbitten stone as the winds gently set her down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The satchel fell beside her, the remaining bullets clinking softly against the frozen ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The ruins of Craemonia stood still.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The ruins had fallen silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The acrid scent of burnt stone and charred scales still clung to the night air, mixing with the damp earth beneath them. Smoke curled lazily into the sky, blotting out the moon in murky tendrils. The battle was over, but the weight of it still pressed on them, settling into the quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie sat propped against a broken pillar, his body a tapestry of bruises, burns, and deep, aching exhaustion. His right arm throbbed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dislocated, maybe broken. His ribs ached with every breath. Blood dried in jagged streaks along his temple. He had felt worse. But not by much.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine knelt beside him, her fingers deftly grinding herbs and crushed roots into a thick salve. The Codex\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the ancient tome they had come for\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was now securely strapped to her belt in a leather book holster, its weight a reminder that their mission, at least, was a success.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She worked in focused silence, her movements quick, practiced\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 too practiced. This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the first time she\u8217\'92d patched someone up in the field.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Foolish of a Welton, you\u8217\'92re no different from your father.\u8221\'94 she muttered under her breath, dabbing the salve onto a particularly nasty bruise along Eddie\u8217\'92s jaw. It burned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie hissed, his body tensing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine scoffed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, don\u8217\'92t be dramatic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could at least warn me,\u8221\'94 he grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She rolled her eyes, applying another layer with absolutely no regard for his comfort. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you had half an intellect about you, you wouldn\u8217\'92t have jumped into the fight like that. You nearly got yourself killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie let out a breathy chuckle, though it ended in a wince. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re welcome, by the way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine paused. Just for a second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, without looking up, she murmured, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I couldn\u8217\'92t find a proper ignition source.\u8221\'94 She rubbed the salve into his shoulder, her touch firm but careful. \u8220\'93If you hadn\u8217\'92t brought the gunpowder... I would have lost.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie blinked, caught off guard by the quiet admission.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t elaborate. Didn\u8217\'92t need to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Instead, she reached for his arm, fingers hovering just above the dislocated shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is going to hurt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Before he could protest, she jerked it back into place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A sharp, searing pain shot through his body. Eddie bit down a curse, his vision going white at the edges. For a moment, all he could do was sit there, breathless, waiting for the pain to dull into a manageable throb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine, to her credit, at least had the decency to look mildly guilty. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It needed to be done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie groaned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Next time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 give me a damn warning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A ghost of a smile flickered across her lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll think about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She busied herself again, checking over his wounds, ensuring there was nothing worse she had missed. The night stretched on in silence, the only sound the crackling embers of dying flames in the distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, quietly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 too casually\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Catherine spoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You never told me you were expelled from Aella Academy...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie hesitated.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His gaze flickered to the ground, fingers idly tracing patterns in the dust. Aella Academy. The name alone sat heavy on his tongue, like a stone he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite swallow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I... um...\u8221\'94 he started, then faltered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t push, not right away. She simply watched him, waiting. Unyielding, but patient.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, in a quieter voice, she said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Markus told me everything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach twisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to hear the story from you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He swallowed. His gaze flickered toward the ruined path, the smoldering embers in the distance. Everything ached\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his body, his head, his pride.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s..." he exhaled, "...a long story, Catherine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She let out a small, amused sigh as she dipped a clean strip of cloth into the salve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 she mused, pressing it gently against one of his deeper bruises. Eddie tensed at the sting, but Catherine barely seemed to notice. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got all the time in the world now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not like the dragon\u8217\'92s coming back anytime soon." }{She gave a small chuckle at that, as if trying to ease the weight in the air.}
\par\plain {Then, more softly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So... how did it go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie exhaled slowly.}
\par\plain {For a moment, he just listened\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to the crackle of distant embers, the whisper of the wind through broken stone. To the quiet.}
\par\plain {Then, at last\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I had a duel back then. And I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " Eddie began}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The memory coiled around him, suffocating. His fingers twitched, then clenched into a fist.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I scarred him, Catherine.\u8221\'94 His voice barely rose above a whisper.}
\par\plain {She stilled, the cloth in her hands forgotten.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not just a mark,\u8221\'94 he continued, the weight of it pressing down on his chest. \u8220\'93A permanent burn scar.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The firelight flickered between them, casting long, shifting shadows across the ruined stones. Catherine said nothing, waiting.}
\par\plain {Eddie exhaled sharply, shaking his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t just hurt him\u8230\'85 I ruined him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The night pressed in, cold and unyielding. It gnawed at his skin, but the ice settling in his gut was far worse.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And all I could think was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 his voice cracked, breath unsteady. His heartbeat pounded in his ears. \u8220\'93I was a monster.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He could still see their faces. The stares. The unspoken verdict.}
\par\plain {His fists tightened, nails digging into his palms, but the ache was distant\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nothing compared to the weight in his chest.}
\par\plain {And then, after a long silence, he whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe they were right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He swallowed hard, the words thick in his throat.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I couldn\u8217\'92t bear it. Not anymore. I was done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His fists clenched, nails digging into his palms. The bitterness burned, hot and sharp.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So when the academy expelled me\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He let out a hollow laugh, devoid of warmth. \u8220\'93Part of me was relieved.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The fire crackled between them, filling the silence where his certainty should have been.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was an excuse. A reason to walk away. To leave it all behind. To finally be free of that world. That power. To stop being this\u8230\'85 thing everyone had to fear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His voice trembled on the last word.}
\par\plain {The confession left him raw, exposed. He forced himself to look at Catherine, bracing for judgment, for disgust\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {But she only watched him, quiet.}
\par\plain {Eddie exhaled, a shuddering breath. He ran a hand down his face, fingers curling against his jaw.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But deep down\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 His voice dropped to a whisper, haunted. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t leave it. I can\u8217\'92t run from it. It\u8217\'92s a part of me. I can\u8217\'92t escape. No matter what.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Silence.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t speak right away. She didn\u8217\'92t rush to fill the void his words left behind. She just stood there, the weight of his guilt settling between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, finally\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her expression softened. "I see." Her voice was gentle, but there was no pity in it. Just understanding. "That must have been devastating."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded, his voice low, tinged with regret.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I felt a guilt I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never known before." The words came out hoarse, as if admitting it made the weight heavier. "I couldn\u8217\'92t bear the thought of hurting someone like that again. So when I got my expulsion notice\u8230\'85 I shut myself off from Alchemy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He exhaled sharply. "I thought if I stayed away, I could protect people. That it was the right thing to do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His fists clenched. "But it just made me numb." His gaze dropped to the ground, lost in the patterns of dirt and shadows. "I lost }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 everything}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that day."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine suddenly stopped walking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her expression was serious, but not unkind. "Eddie," she said, her voice calm but unwavering. "Throughout history, Alchemy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Magic has been used for both great good and terrible evil."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her gaze held his, steady with conviction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "There have been sorcerers who toppled kingdoms, enslaved millions, and committed atrocities beyond imagination."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She let that sink in before continuing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Like Nocturnilus the Conqueror."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The name alone felt heavy in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Once, he was just a spellcraftsman millenias ago\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a sorcerer in service to the Northern Elven Kingdom. The elves have always lived by magic, weaving it into every part of their lives. It was a gift, a birthright, a force of creation."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her voice darkened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "But for Nocturnilus, it was never enough."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She glanced at the treetops, as if searching for memories carved into the night sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Blinded by greed, by the hunger for more, he turned his power toward conquest. He was the first sorcerer to raise a city of stone with a mere gesture\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and the first to reduce one to ash just as easily. He marched across the lands, toppling kings, razing kingdoms, and forging an empire from the ruins of others."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie swallowed, the weight of history pressing against his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "His armies enslaved millions, binding them with chains wrought from his own magic. He thought himself invincible."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice dropped lower, almost a whisper. "But the more he took, the more magic consumed him. It changed him. His flesh, his mind\u8230\'85 his very soul. By the end, he was no longer a man. Some say he was no longer even an elf. Just a shadow, a being twisted by his own power."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "And there was Aeron the Founder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 One of the nine sages."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The name lingered between them like a spark in the cold night air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "He was an elf, like Nocturnilus. In fact, he once served under him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stood at his side as a fellow conjurer, weaving spells to expand Nocturnilus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s empire. For years, he followed orders, watching cities crumble, watching people enslaved by the very magic that was meant to enrich elven lives."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice grew firm. "But then, something changed. Aeron looked at the ruins they had left behind, at the lives shattered by conquest, and he could no longer bear it. He chose to walk away."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie frowned. "He just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 left?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Not just left," Catherine corrected. "He rebelled. He turned against the empire he had once helped build. He traveled to the very lands he had once helped destroy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not as a conqueror, but as a healer. A teacher.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He taught magic to those who feared it, gave power to those who had none. And in the end, it was his students, his disciples, the very people Nocturnilus had enslaved, who brought the tyrant down to his knees."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie swallowed, the weight of her words settling in his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Aeron could have followed the same path," Catherine continued, "But he chose differently. He eventually founded and became one of the Nine Sages, the very founders of the magical world as we know it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He and the others built cities where there was only wasteland, cured diseases that once ravaged nations, opened doors to possibilities no one had dared to dream of before."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers twitched at his sides. His thoughts churned, Catherine\u8217\'92s words fighting against years of self-doubt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hesitate. She placed a hand on his shoulder, firm and reassuring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not about what magic }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 can}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  do," she said. "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about what }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  can to do with it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The weight of her words settled in his chest, pressing against the scars he had buried deep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a moment, neither of them spoke. The night stretched quiet and still around them}}