{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The distant chirping of sparrows, filled the evening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sounds of brass musical instruments. Trombones, Tubas, Trumpets, humming in the distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The screeching of shoes, the rhytmic thudding of basketball being bounced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rhythmic scratching of a paintbrush against canvas filled the small room, each stroke deliberate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The room smelled of acrylics and turpentine, a scent that is associate with freedom for some people.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the center of the room stood a girl, her figure silhouetted by the golden light of the setting sun streaming through the window. Her short, dark, curly hair hang loosely in a chaotic spiral, stood before an easel, her paintbrush moving almost instinctively across the canvas. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To us watching, it might have seemed like she was painting a landscape, but to her, it was something more. It was a world where colors meant something, where the lines blurred between reality and imagination. A world where she could be anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stepped back for a moment, tilting her head as she studied her work. The painting was abstract, at the moment. a swirl of green and browns with streaks of gold cutting through like sunlight breaking through a storm. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t perfect\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nothing ever was at the beginning. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a fleeting moment, she wondered if such a place could exist. A place where she could just\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 be}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , without the weight of expectations pressing down on her shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her brush hovered over the canvas. Her thoughts drifted. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 What would it be like to live in a world where her dreams weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t just dreams?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Where she could paint all day, every day, and no one would tell her it was a waste of time? She sighed, her shoulders slumping slightly. Maybe such a world only existed in her paintings. Maybe it was foolish to hope for anything more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before she could sink deeper into her thoughts, the door behind her creaked open. The sound of footsteps anda the faint jingle of a charm bracelet broke the silence.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Haruki-chan!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A sing-songy voice called out, bright and cheerful. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There you are!\u8221\'94 The girl continued, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been looking everywhere for you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The girl in front of the easel, Haruki. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear her at first. Her mind was still lost in the world of her painting, far removed from the Art Club room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was thinking about the shadows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how they should fall, how they should interact with the light. Should the reds be warmer? Did the greens clash? She murmured to herself, her brush hovering uncertainly over the canvas. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe if I add a touch of ochre here\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The girl, standing by the door with her hands on her hips, frowned when Haruki didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haruki-chan!\u8221\'94 she called again, louder this time. Still, Haruki didn\u8217\'92t turn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boy, standing beside her with arms crossed, let out a quiet sigh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aiko, please don\u8217\'92t bother the president,\u8221\'94 he warned, already sensing what she was about to do.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko flashed him a grin, ignoring his disapproving tone. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, come on, Akihito. She\u8217\'92s too in her head again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito adjusted his glasses, exasperation flickering across his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So? Let her concentrate. She had a lot of things in her mind, let her cool off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or,\u8221\'94 Aiko said mischievously, \u8220\'93I could bring her back to reality in the fun way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito palmed his face, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, for goodness;s sake.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quietly, Aiko tiptoed across the room, her sneakers making no sound on the wooden floor. She crept up behind Haruki, her hands poised to strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, with a dramatic flourish, she clapped her hands on Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders and shouted, \u8220\'93Boo!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki jumped, her paintbrush slipping from her fingers and smearing a streak of green across the canvas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aiko!\u8221\'94 she exclaimed, spinning around to glare at her friend. \u8220\'93What was that for?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko burst into laughter, doubling over as Haruki scowled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should\u8217\'92ve seen your face!\u8221\'94 she wheezed, clutching her stomach. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito let out another sigh and shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re horrible,\u8221\'94 he muttered, walking over to inspect the damage. \u8220\'93And now she has to fix that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki groaned, turning back to her painting. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ugh, Aiko! I was almost done with the blocking!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Relax, relax! You can totally turn that into, uh\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Aiko squinted at the streak. \u8220\'93A tree branch? A shadow? A really abstract emotion?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito pinched the bridge of his nose. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or you know\u8230\'85 you could just not ruin her work in the first place, Aiko.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki sighed, rubbing her temple. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe I made you the vice president, what am I thinking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah,\u8221\'94 Aiko said, still giggling. She stepped closer, peering over Haruki\u8217\'92s shoulder at the painting. \u8220\'93Whatcha painting there, Picasso?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko leaned in, studying the canvas. The painting was still in its rough block-in stage\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 broad, deliberate strokes of green and brown forming the suggestion of a dense forest. But at the heart of it, partially obscured by shadow and golden shafts of light filtering through the trees, was the outline of a cabin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was old, abandoned. Its roof had caved in, leaving jagged beams exposed like broken ribs. The walls, though only loosely defined for now, sagged inward, giving the impression that time had been quietly reclaiming the place. And yet, despite its ruin, there was something strangely tranquil about it. The way the golden light pooled against the decaying wood, the way the colors blended to suggest warmth rather than desolation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was clear that Haruki wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just painting a ruin. She was painting a feeling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko whistled under her breath. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoa.\u8221\'94 She folded her arms and rocked back on her heels. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re really going for it with this one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki, still focused, nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Komorebi.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko tilted her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The sunlight filtering through the trees,\u8221\'94 Haruki clarified. \u8220\'93I need practice painting light.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze drifted back to the canvas, a crease forming between her brows. \u8220\'93Wait\u8230\'85 this looks kinda familiar.\u8221\'94 She squinted at the abandoned cabin, its collapsed roof and worn-down walls bathed in golden morning light. \u8220\'93Have I seen this before?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki smirked, pausing mid-brushstroke. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seriously? You already forgot?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko turned to her with a raised brow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forgot what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki tilted her head toward a nearby easel. Aiko followed her gaze\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and there it was. Propped up just in front of Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s workspace was a painting, its colors deep and somber, the same ruined cabin set against the cool purples and burnt oranges of dusk. The brushwork was delicate yet deliberate, every stroke carrying a quiet sorrow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It hit her then. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this is from last week! The plein air session.\u8221\'94 Aiko snapped her fingers. \u8220\'93When Mrs. Matsuoka came with us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki gave a satisfied nod. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Finally. Took you long enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko rolled her eyes, but she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help smiling as she looked between the two paintings. \u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re doing a study of hers?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kind of,\u8221\'94 Haruki admitted, dipping her brush into a warm ochre tone. \u8220\'93I really liked her piece, but\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she hesitated, eyes flicking toward Mrs. Matsuoka\u8217\'92s painting. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a little too depressing for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko glanced back at both works. Mrs. Matsuoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s version had a weight to it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an air of longing, as if the cabin were waiting for someone who would never return. Haruki\u8217\'92s, on the other hand, felt entirely different. The golden light filtering through the trees, the way it caught on the edges of the ruin\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it gave the scene a quiet hopefulness, like the first breath of morning after a long night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko crossed her arms. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So instead of sorrow, you went for something warmer?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki hummed in agreement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know\u8230\'85 I guess I just wanted to see it in a different light.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smirk softened. \u8220\'93I like yours better.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mrs. Matsuoka would probably say mine lacks emotional depth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko scoffed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pfft. No way. It just has a different kind of emotion.\u8221\'94 She nudged Haruki\u8217\'92s shoulder. \u8220\'93And personally? I\u8217\'92ll take hopeful over depressing any day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki exhaled a small laugh, dipping her brush into the paint again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Talking about Mrs. Matsuoka\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She kept her eyes on the canvas, carefully dragging a stroke of warm light along the ruined cabin\u8217\'92s edge. \u8220\'93Is she coming today? I thought we were supposed to learn color theory.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Akihito, who had just entered the room and set his sketchbook down, let out a small hum. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s busy with the Career Plan submissions,\u8221\'94 he said, stretching his arms over his head. \u8220\'93So, no club for her today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, come on. Seriously?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Akihito gave her a pointed look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sound way too disappointed for someone who complains about her long lectures.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki groaned, flicking excess paint off her brush. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah. But she actually explains things well. And I wanted to ask her about lighting techniques.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Akihito smirked as he took a seat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll survive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, as if something had just clicked, he turned to Haruki with a knowing look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speaking of the Career Plan submissions\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He leaned forward, resting his chin on his hand. \u8220\'93When are you gonna submit yours, Mrs. President?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Akihito raised a brow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your Career Plan papers. It\u8217\'92s due tomorrow, you know? You\u8217\'92ve got to submit it, otherwise, you\u8217\'92ll get in trouble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki groaned, throwing her head back dramatically. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ugh. I\u8217\'92ll do it later.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haruki.\u8221\'94 Aiko said, crossing her arms, leveling her with that familiar \u8216\'91I\u8217\'92m-about-to-say-something-you-don\u8217\'92t-want-to-hear\u8217\'92 expression.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know how much the Art Club means to you,\u8221\'94 Aiko said, voice firm. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the president. Matsuda-senpai entrusted you with it. But that doesn\u8217\'92t mean you get to ignore your responsibilities as a student. You can\u8217\'92t keep using the club as an excuse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki clicked her tongue, turning back to her canvas. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Geez, Vice President, ease up. You\u8217\'92re starting to sound like Mrs. Matsuoka.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko narrowed her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m serious.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki waved a hand dismissively. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do it at home, alright? It\u8217\'92s not a big deal.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Haruki.\u8221\'94 Aiko continued, \u8220\'93The deadline is tomorrow\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 \u8220\'93}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 She glanced at the clock and gasped. "Oh shoot! We're starting in ten minutes!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In one fluid motion, she yanked off her heavily stained apron, sending flecks of dried paint scattering as she hung it on its hook. Her movements were hurried but precise - the practiced routine of someone who'd done this hundreds of times before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko's jaw tightened. Then, with a frustrated huff, she grabbed her bag and shoved the Career Plans paper into Haruki's hands. "Just fill it out and submit it, okay?" she muttered, her usual chaotic energy replaced by rare seriousness. "Before you forget. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m not reminding you again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The tension shattered as the door burst open, flooding the room with a chattering wave of first-years. Backpacks thudded onto tables, water cups clattered at the cleaning station, and the sharp citrusy tang of newly opened acrylic tubes cut through the usual turpentine smell. Like flipping a switch, Aiko's stern expression melted into her trademark grin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Alright, little gremlins!" Aiko called, vaulting onto a stool with practiced ease. The silver charms on her bracelet jingled as she spread her arms. "Who's ready to get paint everywhere except the canvas today? Extra points if it ends up in someone's hair!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Laughter erupted, particularly from a cluster of boys already elbowing each other near the paints. One first-year girl with twin braids immediately clutched her hair protectively, making Aiko laugh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki exhaled through her nose, putting the Career Plan form between the pages of her sketchbook. As she turned, five eager faces swarmed her so fast she nearly stepped back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "President Haruki!" A tiny second-year with paint-splattered apron squeezed to the front. "We brought those weird sponges you mentioned last week!" She proudly thrust forward a bag of natural sea sponges, still dripping from being cleaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Before Haruki could respond, a lanky boy peered over the girl's shoulder. "Is it figure drawing again? Mrs. Matsuoka said we might get a live model this month!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "No, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m afraid we\u8217\'92re not doing figure drawing today, But!" She clapped her hands once, the sound cutting through the chatter. From the supply cart, she grabbed a pre-prepared palette - just cadmium red, ultramarine blue, yellow ochre, and titanium white, \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re going to do limited color palette!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki then continued, "Your goal for today is to make me believe a sunset can exist without orange. Or a forest without pure green." She smirked as groans mixed with excited whispers. "Restrictions breed creativity. Who's up for the challenge?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Hands shot up like spring saplings. Haruki's chest warmed as she distributed palettes, her earlier avoidance forgotten in the familiar ritual of teaching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Near the windows, Akihito quietly set up extra easels, though his usual exasperated frown softened when he caught Haruki effortlessly explaining color theory to a struggling first-year. The way she crouched to eye-level with the girl, demonstrating brush techniques on scrap paper - this was the Haruki the club adored.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The room erupted into organized chaos. Brushes clattered in jars, someone dramatically lamented their "muddy abomination" of a mixture, and laughter rang out when Aiko "accidentally" smeared cerulean on her nose. Through it all, Haruki wove between stations, offering tips and the kind of encouragement that made even the shyest members stand taller.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At some point, the late afternoon sun hit the pigment-stained windows just right, casting prismatic light across Haruki's abandoned sketchbook - where the corner of the Career Plan form peeked out, nearly invisible beneath the vibrant life of the art room.}}