{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The room was quiet, save for the soft rustling of the bed sheets as Catherine shifted in her sleep. She was sprawled across Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bottom bunk, her bright red coat tucked haphazardly under her, and her head nestled against the pillow as if she belonged there. The hum of the dormitory outside didn\u8217\'92t faze her, despite the oddity of the situation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an Elf, the Master Alchemist, and most importantly, Eddie\u8217\'92s aunt, napping in their cramped dorm room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley stood in the doorway, staring at Catherine with her arms crossed, blinking in disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94 she said, her voice laced with a mixture of amusement and frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will, who was leaning against the opposite wall, let out a low whistle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did she really just want a free place to sleep?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 Eddie sighed, sitting on the edge of his bed, rubbing his face. \u8220\'93That is very Catherine of her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley looked at him with a smirk. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t see that coming?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should\u8217\'92ve,\u8221\'94 Eddie muttered. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s been around long enough to know how to work people... but I guess this is a new level.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the two of them exchanged amused glances, the door to their dorm room creaked open, and in stepped Jake and Jane, two of Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s more curious classmates. They froze mid-step when they saw Catherine still snoring away on the bottom bunk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93HOLY SHIT, is that an elf? A real elf?\u8221\'94 Jane exclaimed, eyes wide with disbelief. She tiptoed closer to get a better look, her mouth hanging open. \u8220\'93You sure her ears aren\u8217\'92t just a costume or something?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jake, who was standing behind her, elbowed her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dude, that\u8217\'92s definitely an elf. You can\u8217\'92t fake pointy ears like that!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before Jane could argue further, Henry, another dorm mate, appeared in the doorway, rolling his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, for the love of the gods, will you two keep it down?\u8221\'94 He crossed his arms and looked at Jake and Jane with an exasperated sigh. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re embarrassing yourselves. Go bother someone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jake and Jane turned around sheepishly, glancing back at Catherine one last time. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve gotta admit, this is wild,\u8221\'94 Jake muttered as they backed out of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry stepped forward, now clearly intent on a more serious matter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anyway, Eddie,\u8221\'94 he said, nodding toward the trio, \u8220\'93I need to talk to you, Will, and Ashley. Important stuff. Can we have a word?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will gave Henry a curious look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, what\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry glanced at Catherine briefly before rolling his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe not in front of the elf.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked over at Catherine, still snoozing peacefully, blissfully unaware of the circus she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d caused. He sighed. \u8220\'93No point in waking her up. She\u8217\'92s not going anywhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley chuckled softly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s funny, isn\u8217\'92t it? The most powerful alchemist in the world, and all she wanted was a nap and a free bed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 Eddie began, his lips curling into a half-smile, \u8220\'93I guess that's Catherine for you. Always knows how to get what she wants, even if it\u8217\'92s just... peace and quiet for a change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will shook his head, the humor of the situation finally sinking in. "She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s definitely a piece of work. What kind of Master Alchemist needs a nap in a college dorm?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie glanced at his bunkmate, who was still deep in her slumber, a soft snore escaping her. "You really want to know?" He grinned. "The kind who just blew all her money on something completely impractical and now needs a place to crash."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face lit up in sudden realization, and she laughed. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s broke, isn\u8217\'92t she?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s... incredibly resourceful,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, throwing a glance at Catherine as if to make sure she wouldn\u8217\'92t suddenly wake up and punch him for revealing her secret. \u8220\'93But yeah, I guess if you ask Catherine what she wants... it\u8217\'92s probably a bed, food, and a place where she can steal some quiet time without being chased by angry royalty or criminals.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Henry and the others looked on, Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but chuckle at the absurdity of it all. \u8220\'93I swear, I never saw that one coming. But maybe we can be the ones who make sure she gets her sleep. It\u8217\'92s the least we can do for a family member who\u8217\'92s literally saving our lives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And as Catherine continued to sleep, the mystery of her request\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mysterious favor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 seemed far less menacing. In that moment, Eddie realized something: Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s true price was something as simple and relatable as a little comfort after an untold number of years spent doing everything but resting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But that, Eddie thought, was just the way she liked it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dorm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dining room was dimly lit, a few oil lamps flickering as the storm outside continued to rage. Henry leaned casually against the counter in the small kitchen nook, his arms crossed, his face a mix of curiosity and concern. Across from him, Eddie, Will, and Ashley shifted uncomfortably in their seats, their expressions grim. Eddie\u8217\'92s clothes were still damp, the occasional drip hitting the floor beneath him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 Henry began, his gaze narrowing, \u8220\'93What in the gods\u8217\'92 names is going on? I mean, it\u8217\'92s not every day you see an elf\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 elf}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 crashing in Room 3 like it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the most normal thing in the world.\u8221\'94 His voice carried an edge of disbelief. \u8220\'93I thought they only existed in fairy tales and those old religious books back home. And then there\u8217\'92s Madeleine and Walther. I haven\u8217\'92t seen either of them for months. What\u8217\'92s happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands gripped the edge of the table, his knuckles white. He opened his mouth to speak but hesitated, his jaw tightening. The words seemed stuck in his throat, and his gaze dropped to the wooden grain of the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sensing Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s discomfort, Ashley stepped in. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s start with the elf,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone composed, though the faintest trace of a smirk played on her lips. \u8220\'93Her name\u8217\'92s Catherine. She\u8217\'92s Eddie\u8217\'92s aunt.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry arched an eyebrow, his intrigue deepening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His\u8230\'85 aunt?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie finally looked up, forcing a weak smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. My mom and Catherine have been close since they were kids. My mom used to call her \u8216\'91her sister from another lifetime.\u8217\'92 Catherine\u8217\'92s always been around, visiting from time to time. I guess she liked me, kind of adopted me as her nephew.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry let out a low whistle, shaking his head in amazement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92ve had an elf in your life all this time, and you never thought to mention it? No big deal, huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will, despite the tension in the room, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but crack a smile. \u8220\'93Oh, trust me, it\u8217\'92s just Eddie keeping secrets. Classic him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond to the jab, his expression darkening again as the topic shifted back to the present. Henry seemed to notice, his lighthearted demeanor giving way to seriousness. \u8220\'93Okay,\u8221\'94 Henry said, stepping closer and leaning his hands on the table. \u8220\'93But Madeleine. Walther. What\u8217\'92s going on with them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The question hung in the air, heavy and oppressive. Eddie looked away, his jaw clenching again. The memory of the truck, the rain, and the helplessness he felt as Madeleine disappeared was still too raw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley placed a steadying hand on Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not ready to talk about it,\u8221\'94 she said softly before turning her attention to Henry. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll fill you in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry straightened, his attention fully on Ashley.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As for Madeleine and Walther...\u8221\'94 Ashley\u8217\'92s voice trailed off briefly as she glanced at Eddie, who still hadn\u8217\'92t looked up. She took a deep breath, steadying herself before picking up the story. \u8220\'93We were visiting Madeleine. It was supposed to be a normal visit, but... she was taken. Kidnapped. By this group\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The Black Hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Black Hand?\u8221\'94 Henry\u8217\'92s brow furrowed, his lips pressed into a thin line. \u8220\'93And Walther?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley hesitated for a moment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t know. But he\u8217\'92s... involved. Somehow. We\u8217\'92re not sure how deep, but it\u8217\'92s clear he had something to do with Madeleine being taken.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze shifted back to Eddie, who finally looked up, his face pale but resolute. \u8220\'93They took her because of me,\u8221\'94 Eddie said quietly, his voice barely above a whisper. \u8220\'93They want me to come for her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fists clenched on the table, the veins in his arms tightening as he processed the information. \u8220\'93Damn it. I knew something was off about him lately, but I didn\u8217\'92t think\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 He stopped, shaking his head in frustration. \u8220\'93And Madeleine... What\u8217\'92s the plan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked up, his green eyes burning with determination. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to get her back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dining room fell into a heavy silence as Henry leaned back against the counter, arms crossed, his expression unreadable. He glanced at Eddie, Will, and Ashley, each of them worn down but resolute in their own ways. For a moment, he seemed lost in thought, his brow furrowing deeply. Then, he spoke, his tone measured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 he began, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been here longer than all of you combined. Four years studying Automaton Engineering, watching how this city works\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or, more often, doesn\u8217\'92t. And let me tell you something: the Black Hand isn\u8217\'92t just some gang you can outwit or outfight. They\u8217\'92re a damn }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 institution.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Every newspaper, every history book I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve read about Edenfield, they always come up. They\u8217\'92re a criminal ring older than this city itself. Organized, ruthless, and everywhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The weight of his words pressed down on the room. Eddie clenched his fists, his jaw tight. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care,\u8221\'94 he said quietly but firmly. \u8220\'93If no one else will go after Madeleine, I will. I\u8217\'92ll go with Catherine if it\u8217\'92s just the two of us. No one else has to risk their lives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will and Ashley exchanged a look, their earlier fear still evident in their eyes. But after a moment, Ashley straightened in her chair, her face set with quiet determination. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not the only one who cares about Madeleine, Eddie. If you\u8217\'92re going, I\u8217\'92m going too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 Will added, his usual humor absent, replaced by an uncharacteristic seriousness. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not going alone, mate. No way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked, their words catching him off guard. For a brief moment, a flicker of gratitude crossed his face, but it was quickly overshadowed by a new worry. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you even realize what you\u8217\'92re signing up for? If I get myself killed, that\u8217\'92s one thing. But if something happens to you two...\u8221\'94 He trailed off, unable to finish the thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry, who had been quietly observing, suddenly broke into a small smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got good friends, Eddie. But let me make something clear.\u8221\'94 He stepped forward, his presence commanding. \u8220\'93If the three of you are really stupid enough to go after the Black Hand, then the Dorm\u8217\'92s going too. No way I\u8217\'92m letting a bunch of first-years take on a centuries-old assassin ring by themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked up sharply. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Henry, you don\u8217\'92t have to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah, I know,\u8221\'94 Henry interrupted, waving a hand dismissively. \u8220\'93But I couldn\u8217\'92t live with myself if I let you all run off into danger without someone who knows what they\u8217\'92re doing. I\u8217\'92ll drive you wherever you need to go. At least let me make sure you don\u8217\'92t die on the way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before Eddie could respond, the sound of footsteps approached the dining room. Jake and Jane, the twin troublemakers of Dorm 7, poked their heads in, their expressions alight with curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oi, what\u8217\'92s all this about?\u8221\'94 Jake asked, his curious gaze darting to Eddie, then to Will, and finally settling on Henry. \u8220\'93And what\u8217\'92s this I hear about the elf?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jane, leaning against her brother, raised an eyebrow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, is she for real? Never seen one outside of books. You sure those ears aren\u8217\'92t fake?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry pinched the bridge of his nose in exasperation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jake, Jane, I swear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the twins weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t done. \u8220\'93If she\u8217\'92s going,\u8221\'94 Jane said, jerking a thumb back toward Room 3, \u8220\'93Then we\u8217\'92re going too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jake nodded enthusiastically. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t let an elf outdo us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie groaned, his head falling into his hands. Will chuckled under his breath, while Ashley just rolled her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seriously, you two? What did I say about bothering guests?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We didn\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 bother}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  her,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Jake protested, grinning. \u8220\'93We just... looked. Quietly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very quietly,\u8221\'94 Jane echoed, her tone mock-innocent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry shot them both a stern glare, though there was a glimmer of amusement in his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I don\u8217\'92t care if she\u8217\'92s an elf or the fucking mayor. She\u8217\'92s still a guest, and Dorm 7 treats its guests with respect. Got it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Jake started.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No buts,\u8221\'94 Henry interrupted, pointing at the twins. \u8220\'93Show some respect. And keep your gawking to a minimum.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jane smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sound like Dad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 Jake added, his grin wide. \u8220\'93All you need now is a pair of reading glasses and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before Jake could finish, Henry took a step toward them, his stern expression melting into playful annoyance. The twins yelped and darted out of the room, their laughter echoing down the hallway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry sighed, shaking his head with a wry smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did I ever agree to be dorm captain?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie, despite the tension weighing on him, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but crack a small smile. It was a brief reprieve, but one he sorely needed. For a moment, it felt like they were just students again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ordinary kids in an extraordinary world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 Henry said, turning back to them, his tone sobering. \u8220\'93If we\u8217\'92re doing this, we\u8217\'92re doing it right. But no more surprises, yeah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded, the determination in his gaze returning. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No more surprises.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For now, at least, they were in this together. And that made all the difference. }}