{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92m telling you, it wasn\u8217\'92t human,\u8221\'94 Henry\u8217\'92s deep voice murmured, tight with tension. \u8220\'93I hit it square with a shockburst. Thing barely flinched. Just leapt\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 straight over the hedge like it was nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will replied, quieter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think it was a loose creature?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Too coordinated. It didn\u8217\'92t move like an animal. It had\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 purpose}{.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {There was a pause. Then Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice, attempting lightness.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe you\u8217\'92re just sleep-deprived, Henry. You\u8217\'92ve been stuck in the archives for, what, forty hours now? The curfew warnings have your face on them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A scoff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what I saw, Ash. Eddie was on the ground bleeding, and that thing turned and looked at me like it knew what it was doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Another silence. This one longer. Then:}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85You think it targeted him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie opened his eyes.}
\par\plain {Everything was too bright. The walls were sterile white, curtains drawn halfway to the ceiling. He was lying in a crisp infirmary bed, head pounding, bandages tight around his chest. The air smelled of lavender and alchemical salve.}
\par\plain {He groaned, and all three of them turned at once.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie!\u8221\'94 Ashley leapt up first, nearly knocking over a cup of water. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re }{\f0\fs24\i1 alive!}{ I mean\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I }{\f0\fs24\i1 knew}{ you were alive, but still. You gave us a heart attack.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will stepped forward, his face carefully composed, but his shoulders had dropped in relief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We thought you were out for days.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms were crossed, standing near the foot of the bed. He nodded. \u8220\'93You got lucky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {It was Ashley who spoke first, gently, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie, do you remember anything? What did you see?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie hesitated, gaze flicking between their faces. The memories were disjointed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shadows, pressure, a whisper not meant for the air. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know. It\u8217\'92s all scrambled.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry exhaled through his nose. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then I\u8217\'92ll tell it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He stepped forward, voice calm but clipped. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was around two in the morning. I was at the Automatons Faculty building, testing a construct for my thesis. Thought I heard someone yell, \u8216\'91}{\f0\fs24\i1 Get away!}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sharp, desperate. Figured someone was breaking curfew, maybe drunk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He paused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But when I followed the voice, I found you. On the ground.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow furrowed. Ashley leaned in.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There was\u8230\'85 someone kneeling over you,\u8221\'94 Henry said slowly. \u8220\'93I couldn\u8217\'92t tell what they were doing. I shouted, told him to get lost, raised my staff\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He stopped, fingers tightening around his sleeve. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And then I saw his face. Or\u8230\'85 tried to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A silence stretched.}
\par\plain {Ashley tilted her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tried to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth twitched. \u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t right. I mean\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I saw }{\f0\fs24\i1 a}{ face. But every time I try to describe it, the image slips. It was\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 wrong. Like a sketch someone kept erasing and redrawing mid-glance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He looked to Eddie, searching. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You saw it too. Didn\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie stared down at the blanket, fingers curling in the fabric. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 yeah. I saw it. But I can\u8217\'92t tell you what I saw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was quiet. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not normal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Henry agreed. \u8220\'93It really isn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Silence settled over the infirmary like a blanket.}
\par\plain {Will leaned back slightly in his chair, brows drawn. Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile had long since faded, and even she looked uncharacteristically tense. Henry stood still at the foot of the bed, eyes distant, reliving a moment he clearly didn\u8217\'92t want to remember.}
\par\plain {No one said it aloud\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but the thought was mutual.}
\par\plain {If even Henry and Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t explain what they saw\u8230\'85\line If the memory itself recoiled from being remembered\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {Then maybe the rumors were true.}
\par\plain {There }{\f0\fs24\i1 was}{ something lurking in Edenfield at night.}
\par\plain {Madeleine stood in the entryway, her breath caught, eyes wide with worry. A pale scarf hung loosely around her shoulders, hastily thrown over a cardigan. Behind her, Clara  stood with her hands folded neatly in front of her, gaze sharp beneath the gentle furrow of her brow.}
\par\plain {Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes immediately found Henry.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How is he?\u8221\'94 she asked, her voice low and urgent.}
\par\plain {Henry looked over his shoulder at Eddie, then back to her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s awake,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93But his leg\u8217\'92s hurt pretty bad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Only then did Madeleine step closer and look at Eddie fully\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her expression softening with equal parts relief and concern. }}