{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie hunched over his desk, his headset snug over his ears, listening intently to the static crackling through the earpieces. His self-made radio\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a tangle of gears, rune-etched components, and salvaged circuitry\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sat before him, flickering weakly as he prodded at its inner workings with a screwdriver.}
\par\plain {The device had been in perfect condition until a few days ago, when he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lost his balance and sent both himself and the radio crashing to the floor. Now, after hours of painstaking adjustments, he was determined to get it working again.}
\par\plain {He turned the dial with precise, deliberate movements, the static shifting in pitch, but still nothing recognizable came through. With a grunt, he adjusted a rune-etched copper coil, pressing it into place with the tip of his screwdriver. The blue light on the radio wavered, then stabilized.}
\par\plain {Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Bzzt\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 crackle\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 shhhh\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }
\par\plain {Something different. Not just static. A faint distortion, something buried deep within the noise. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers tightened around the radio\u8217\'92s frame as he slowly tuned the frequency. The sound wavered in and out, shifting between static and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {A voice.}
\par\plain {It was distant, barely above a whisper, but unmistakably human. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulse quickened. He had tapped into a frequency! He leaned in closer, carefully adjusting the rune alignment, his breath held\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {BAM!}
\par\plain {The door swung open, slamming against the wall.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie flinched, the screwdriver slipping from his grasp. The radio let out a sharp }{\f0\fs24\i1 whine}{ before the voice disintegrated into a wall of static. Gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85Damn it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie peeked inside, clutching a thick, leather-bound book to her chest. Her twin tails bounced slightly as she hurried up to his desk, her huge round glasses reflecting the morning light. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you teach me Alchemy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie sighed, barely looked up, too focused on his broken radio. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not ask Catherine, Torrie?\u8221\'94 He waved a hand vaguely. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s a Master Alchemist. And an elf. She\u8217\'92s a million times better at this stuff than I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s out with Mom and Dad,\u8221\'94 Torrie said, stepping closer. \u8220\'93They went into town, and I\u8217\'92ve still got a few minutes before school.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie muttered something unintelligible as he prodded a rune-etched component with his screwdriver. Torrie, undeterred, plopped herself onto his bed.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Eddie! I just got my textbooks and wand! And I wanna learn something cool before class!\u8221\'94 She swung her legs impatiently, staring at him expectantly. \u8220\'93Just the basics! Please?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie sighed, rubbing his face with his free hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Torrie\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pleeease?\u8221\'94 She leaned forward, her big eyes practically doubling in size behind her glasses.}
\par\plain {Eddie groaned, finally setting down his tools. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine. But just the basics.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie let out a triumphant cheer as Eddie shook his head, already regretting his decision.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The curtains diffused the morning light, creating a warm ambiance in the cosy living room of the Welton household. The house was quieter than usual\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no bustling activity from the apothecary or the usual scent of herbal potions drifting from the brewing room. The usual hum of the apothecary was absent, leaving only the two of the siblings in the house for the moment.}
\par\plain {The living room was quiet, save for the soft }{\f0\fs24\i1 clink}{ of a small vial being set onto the wooden table. Inside, a globule of shimmering Quicksilver shifted lazily, reflecting the morning light in liquid ripples. Torrie sat on the edge of her seat, her new Alchemy textbook spread open beside her, eyes gleaming with anticipation.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 she said, tapping the assignment page. \u8220\'93On the first Chapter the task is to Change the Quicksilver from liquid to solid. How do I do that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie leaned back in his chair, arms crossed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, before you even think about manipulating it, you need to understand }{\f0\fs24\i1 how}{ it changes.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean how?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie picked up the vial, tilting it so the Quicksilver pooled to one side. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alchemy works because we understand how materials are structured. Every substance exists in one of four fundamental states that an Alchemist can manipulate. Think of them like different forms of the same thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He held up a finger. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First, Solid. It\u8217\'92s stable, structured, and holds its shape.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A second finger. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then, Liquid. Like this Quicksilver, it flows and adapts, but still has mass.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A third finger. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gas. Unstable, hard to control, spreads quickly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {And finally, his pinky. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And lightning, or Plasma. The most chaotic, the hardest to transmute, but the most powerful in raw energy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened at that last one. \u8220\'93Wait\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 lightning}{ counts as a state of matter?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, where else can you lump lightnings to?.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie huffed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, okay. So how do I actually change Quicksilver\u8217\'92s state?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie grabbed a piece of chalk and started sketching on the wooden surface. A circular pattern took shape\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 rings of symbols and interwoven lines forming a precise geometric array. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is a Transmutation Circle,\u8221\'94 Eddie explained. \u8220\'93An Alchemist doesn\u8217\'92t just }{\f0\fs24\i1 will}{ something to change like a Wizard. We are physically telling it how it should change. A properly drawn Transmutation Circle acts like a bridge between the material world and the Arcane Realm.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie nodded, watching intently. Then, after a moment of thought, she asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is the Arcane Realm, exactly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie exhaled, tapping the chalk against the floor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s... complicated. Someone in Conjuration or Illusion would probably be able to explain it better. They deal with it more directly.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93From what I\u8217\'92ve heard,\u8221\'94 }{Eddie frowned slightly, trying to recall what little he knew.  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a place where time is a place. Like, you couldn\u8217\'92t just walk through it. That\u8217\'92s where all sorts of spectral creatures live, and where magic is drawn from.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brows furrowed. \u8220\'93So it\u8217\'92s like another dimension?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sort of. It\u8217\'92s said to overlap with our world\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Material Realm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but no one really knows how. Some people think you could step into it if you found the right place, but I wouldn\u8217\'92t try.\u8221\'94 He shrugged. \u8220\'93Not my area of expertise. I just know that Alchemy communicates with it. The Arcane Realm makes the transmutation happen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie nodded, watching intently as he added markings within the rings.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For this exercise, you\u8217\'92d need to break the Quicksilver down at a fundamental level\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 understand its structure, its bonds, its potential for shifting states.\u8221\'94 He tapped the chalk against the center of the circle. \u8220\'93Then, by channeling magic through the circle, you }{\f0\fs24\i1 command}{ the Arcane to rearrange those bonds\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 turning liquid to solid, or back again.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie stared at the glowing lines of the circle, excitement bubbling up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So\u8230\'85 can I try?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie gave a half-smile and slid the chalk toward her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie straightened her back, reaching into her satchel with an eager glint in her eyes. She pulled out a small wooden box, its surface embossed with the Aella Academy crest. She lifted the lid, revealing a pristine wand nestled in velvet lining. It was brand new\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 smooth, polished, and untouched by use.}
\par\plain {She picked it up, running her fingers along the lacquered wood. It was a standard-issue wand from Aella Academy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nothing special, mass-produced for students. The polished surface gleamed faintly in the morning light, reflecting her excitement.}
\par\plain {But to Eddie, it was just reminder of the past. He had once owned the same kind of wand, back when things were simpler. }
\par\plain {Pushing aside the memory, Eddie watched as Torrie tapped the wand against the transmutation circle.}
\par\plain {Nothing.}
\par\plain {She frowned, furrowing her brows in concentration. With a sharp breath, she tried again.}
\par\plain {This time, a faint white glow pulsed from the circle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 but then it fizzled out like a dying ember.}
\par\plain {Eddie barely contained his chuckle, but the slight shake of his shoulders gave him away.}
\par\plain {Torrie turned to him, eyes narrowing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, Nothing,\u8221\'94 he said, biting back his grin. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re doing great.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She pouted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re }{\f0\fs24\i1 lying}{.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, alright. Tell me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 do you still have that ring I gave you a few years ago?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean }{\f0\fs24\i1 your}{ heirloom ring?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, that one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {With a curious look, Torrie reached under her sweater, pulling out a thin silver chain. Dangling at the end was the ring\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a simple band of dark metal, faintly etched with intricate alchemical symbols.}
\par\plain {Eddie let out a small breath of relief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You kept it well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, I did,\u8221\'94 Torrie said, holding it up. \u8220\'93But\u8230\'85 why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie took the ring gently from her grasp, turning it between his fingers. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your wand\u8217\'92s fine for spellcasting, but it\u8217\'92ll be different for Alchemy. The ring will help focus your magic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 make channeling the Arcane much easier.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie hesitated, then nodded. She slipped the ring onto her index finger. It was far too big for her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 heavy, oversized\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but she clenched her fist, determined.}
\par\plain {Then, something changed.}
\par\plain {The transmutation circle pulsed with a deep green light, arcs of energy crackling through the etched symbols.}
\par\plain {The Quicksilver in the vial trembled. Then, as if responding to an invisible force, it rose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 slowly at first, then faster\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 solidifying into jagged crystalline peaks.}
\par\plain {Torrie gasped. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 I did it}{!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She turned to Eddie, beaming.}
\par\plain {Eddie smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Told you so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie let out an excited laugh, fists clenched in triumph. She had just performed her }{\f0\fs24\i1 first transmutation}{.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie laughed under his breath. The silence between them lingered for a moment, broken only by the soft hum of the fan and the rustling of Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s broom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then Torrie spoke, her tone more curious than teasing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Eddie\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why\u8217\'92d you give me the ring?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie froze in his seat. The question hung in the air like a weight, heavier than the smell of burnt copper. He set the cloth down, avoiding Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You never told me,\u8221\'94 she continued, her voice quieter now. \u8220\'93I mean, it\u8217\'92s your family\u8217\'92s heirloom, right? From your\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~family.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie exhaled, his hand tightening around the edge of the table. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie stopped sweeping, leaning on the broom as she watched him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So why me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie was perched on the armrest of the couch, still fiddling with the jade-silver ring. She twirled it around her finger, her gaze thoughtful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie glanced at the silver-jade ring on Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s finger as she turned it, the green stone catching the light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll use them more than I will,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, his tone casual, though there was an edge of finality to it. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re just starting in Aella Academy. You\u8217\'92ll need all the help you can get.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie tilted her head, her eyes narrowing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But why don\u8217\'92t\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~need it?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The question was so simple, so direct, that it caught Eddie off guard. Momentarily, he just stared at the textbook on the table, as though it held the answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie leaned forward, her tone still curious but now laced with something deeper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean, Eddie? Why don\u8217\'92t you use it anymore?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He opened his mouth, then closed it again, the words sticking in his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just\u8230\'85 don\u8217\'92t, alright?\u8221\'94 he finally said, his voice quieter than usual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie frowned, unsatisfied. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not an answer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie ran a hand through his silver hair, the gesture betraying his frustration. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s complicated, Torrie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then uncomplicate it,\u8221\'94 she shot back, her tone sharper now. \u8220\'93You were amazing at Alchemy. The teachers at Aella Academy said so. So why\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 She stopped herself, hesitating. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The room felt smaller, the air heavier, even with the window open and the fan whirring. Eddie leaned back against the table, crossing his arms over his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Torrie\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t think you\u8217\'92d understand,\u8221\'94 he said finally, his voice low.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie stood, her expression a mix of defiance and hurt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then make me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 After a moment, he managed a half-hearted smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s because I\u8217\'92m focusing on potion-making now. You know, that doesn\u8217\'92t really use magic much.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie raised an eyebrow, unconvinced. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really? Potion-making doesn\u8217\'92t use magic much?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie chuckled, rubbing the back of his neck. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it\u8217\'92s true. You don\u8217\'92t need fancy transmutations for chopping herbs or boiling cauldrons, you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie crossed her arms, her expression skeptical. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie, you\u8217\'92re terrible at lying. You know that, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Before she could press further, the front door creaked open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie?\u8221\'94 Markus called from the doorway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He stepped inside, holding the edge of the doorframe with one hand and looking flustered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you have the key to the shop? It\u8217\'92s opening time, and I can\u8217\'92t find it anywhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Relieved, Eddie slumped his shoulders, then straightened, taking the opportunity. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, uh, yeah, I think I\u8217\'92ve got it.\u8221\'94 He patted his pockets with exaggerated enthusiasm, already making his way toward the door. \u8220\'93Let me check.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie watched him go, her eyes narrowing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she started, but he cut her off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be right back!\u8221\'94 he said over his shoulder, his tone too bright, too eager. \u8220\'93Markus and I need to get the storefront sorted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie was just about to step out the door, a mix of relief and escape flooding through him, when Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice cut through the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He froze, his hand on the doorframe, the cool wood under his fingertips feeling heavier than before. He turned back to see her standing in the doorway, holding something in her hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers were wrapped around the chains, and Eddie\u8217\'92s heirloom ring\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 engraved with symbols of his family\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 rested on top. She was offering it back to him, the delicate metal glinting in the light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here,\u8221\'94 Torrie said, her voice small but firm. \u8220\'93Take it back. It\u8217\'92s yours. They are meant to be yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For a long moment, neither of them spoke. Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were steady, piercing his green eyes, as though trying to read something he wasn\u8217\'92t saying. Eddie felt a strange knot tighten in his chest. He opened his mouth to speak, but the words stuck in his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, with a deep breath, he smiled\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a soft, forced thing that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite reach his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Eddie said quietly, his voice almost lost in the air between them. \u8220\'93Keep it. It\u8217\'92s better suited for you than me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brows furrowed, a flash of confusion in her expression. She didn\u8217\'92t argue, as if accepting the weight of his decision. Slowly, she closed her fingers around the ring once more, her grip firm and determined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie gave her one last glance, a final, fleeting look that held everything they both left unsaid, then turned away, slipping out the door and into the early morning light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He walked, his steps quick and purposeful, as if the moment with Torrie had never happened. As he passed the familiar sights of Weshaven, his thoughts shifted back to his routine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The Apothecary, his work, the things that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ask him to explain anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The weight of the ring was no longer in his pocket, but he could still feel it, a reminder he had left behind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And just like that, he lost himself in the rhythm of his day.}}