{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {"Come on," Eddie snapped, his pace unwavering as he navigated the fractured pavement. "Every minute we waste here is another minute she's with him." His eyes, sharp and restless, scanned the peeling shop signs, dismissing everything that wasn't their target.}
\par\plain {"Maybe if you slowed down for two seconds, you'd see that bloke with the knife tattoo sizing up your jacket," Ashley retorted, She kept her staff held tight against her side, a constant, worried presence. "This place is dodgy as, Eddie. We can't just go charging in."}
\par\plain {"We don't have time for a scenic tour, Ash," he shot back, not breaking stride. "Victoria's lead is the only thing we've got. We need to move."}
\par\plain {"And what good are we to Madeleine if we get jumped in an alley because you're too busy playing the hero to look where you're going?"}
\par\plain {"Alright, alright, break it up, you two," Will cut in, stepping smoothly between them. His voice was a calm, mediating force. "He's not sizing you up, Eddie. He's the lookout for that illegal potions den." Will gestured with his chin towards a cellar door shrouded in shadow. "And Ash is right, you're walking like a target. Relax your shoulders."}
\par\plain {Eddie shot him an irritated look, but subconsciously did as he was told.}
\par\plain {"Look," Will continued, his American accent casual but his eyes missing nothing. "I get it. You're both right. We need to be fast, and we need to be smart. Lucky for you guys, I'm fluent in both." He gave them a half-smile that didn't quite reach his eyes. "I know this turf. Food's cheap, information's cheaper if you know who to ask. Just follow my lead and try not to look like you're about to start a fight."}
\par\plain {"I'm not looking for a fight," Eddie muttered, his focus already back on the street ahead. "Just answers."}
\par\plain {"Cool. Then let's find some," Will said, pointing them toward a narrower street choked with shadows. "Victoria's file mentioned 'The Gilded Menagerie,' right? Super pretentious name. Sounds exactly like the kind of place a psycho would set up. Down this way, Blackwood Alley. It's quieter."}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hesitate, following Will into the gloom of the alleyway without a backward glance. Ashley took a deep breath and plunged in after them, keeping close. The alley was a world unto itself. Stalls fashioned from scrap wood and tarps were crammed into every available nook, their proprietors watching with hooded, assessing eyes. The air was thick with the smells of strange spices, alchemical reagents, and unwashed bodies.}
\par\plain {Will was in his element. He approached a woman mending a net woven from glowing, silvery thread. "Evenin', Mara," he said with an easy nod. "Slow night?"}
\par\plain {The woman grunted, not looking up from her work. "Always is when the Wardens are sniffing around."}
\par\plain {"Tell me about it. Say, you ever hear of a place called 'The Gilded Menagerie'?"}
\par\plain {Her fingers stilled for a fraction of a second. "Never." The word was flat and final.}
\par\plain {"Right on. Stay safe," Will said, already moving on. He didn't press. He led Eddie and Ashley past a stall selling what looked suspiciously like dragon's teeth, and stopped near a kid leaning against a wall, trying to light a damp cigarette with a sputtering fire-rune drawn on his thumbnail.}
\par\plain {"Yo," Will said. The kid looked up, wary. Will subtly held up a small coin between his thumb and forefinger. "Gilded Menagerie. Pet shop. You know it?"}
\par\plain {The kid's eyes flickered to the coin, then down the alley. He gave a jerky nod toward the far end. "Keep going. 'Til you hit the dead end with the wall mural of the kraken. It's the only door with a brass handle." He snatched the coin from Will's fingers and immediately turned his attention back to his cigarette, the conversation already over.}
\par\plain {They followed his direction, the alley narrowing even further until it opened into a small, dead-end courtyard. A massive, faded mural of a kraken strangling a ship covered the entire back wall, its single painted eye seeming to watch them with ancient malevolence. And there, tucked away in the corner, was a single, unassuming storefront.}
\par\plain {"There it is," Eddie breathed, pulling Will and Ashley behind a stack of damp, discarded pallets across the narrow, cobbled alley. The air, thick with the smell of coal smoke and wet brick, had a distinct chill that had nothing to do with the weather.}
\par\plain {From their hiding spot, "The Gilded Menagerie" looked even more pathetic. The paint, once probably a cheerful yellow, had peeled and flaked away to reveal the dark, soot-stained brick beneath.}
\par\plain {"Gilded? Looks more like rusted," Ashley whispered, her voice tight. "This whole setup is seriously dodgy."}
\par\plain {"That's the point," Will murmured, his analytical gaze taking in the peeling paint and grimy windows. "It looks forgotten. Old news. Best way to get people to ignore you is to look like you're not worth looking at."}
\par\plain {Eddie's knuckles were white where he gripped the splintery wood of the pallet. "I don't care what it looks like. Victoria's intel was solid. Madeleine's in there, we know it."}
\par\plain {"Okay, but we're not just kicking the door down," Ashley insisted, putting a hand on his arm. "We need to see what we're walking into."}
\par\plain {Nodding, Eddie took the lead. The three of them detached from the stack of pallets, melting into the deep shadows cast by the tall, narrow buildings. They used the slow passage of a man pushing a cart of scrap metal as moving cover before pressing themselves flat against the cold, damp brick beside the shop's large front window.}
\par\plain {Heart pounding, Eddie cautiously peered through a clean patch on the glass.}
\par\plain {The inside was just as gloomy as the exterior, filled with stacked cages and the low hum of an overworked air filter. A nervous-looking young man stood behind a counter, nodding deferentially. But it was the person he was talking to that made Eddie's blood run cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 It can't be.}
\par\plain {But it was. Professor Gareth Hudson stood there, his posture as rigid and commanding as ever. And he wasn't alone. As Eddie's shocked gaze widened, he took in the two figures flanking him. They were built like brick walls, their faces hard, impassive stone. Dressed in practical boots and plain blue fatigue jackets, they weren't just muscle; they looked like handlers. Soldiers. Their eyes were cold and constantly moving.}
\par\plain {Eddie stumbled back from the window, his breath catching in a choked gasp. He collided with Ashley, who grabbed his arm to steady him.}
\par\plain {"Eddie, what is it? What did you see?" she whispered urgently.}
\par\plain {He stared at her, his eyes wide with a terror that went beyond simple fear. His suspicion had been a theory, an idea. This was real. This was a man he knew, a man who graded his papers, standing twenty feet away with what looked like a death squad.}
\par\plain {"Bloody hell," he finally managed to rasp, his voice tight with disbelief. "It's }{\f0\fs24\i1 him}{. Hudson. He's in there. He's }{\f0\fs24\i1 right there}{."}
\par\plain {The weight he put on those words sent a chill through both Will and Ashley. This wasn't the grim satisfaction of a hunch paying off; this was the shock of finding the devil himself waiting for you at the front door.}
\par\plain {Will pulled him further into the shadows, his expression grim. "Okay. Okay. New plan. Right now." He glanced at Ashley, who looked pale but resolute. "Front door is out. No way. We're not fighting that."}
\par\plain {His gaze flicked down the narrow, trash-strewn ginnel between the pet shop and the pub next door. "There has to be a back way. A delivery entrance. Every shop in these alleys has one."}
\par\plain {They circled the building, hugging the shadows where the damp brick met the slick, cobbled ground. The alley behind the pet shop was even more claustrophobic than the street out front\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a narrow channel hemmed in by high walls, overflowing metal bins, and the sour smell of wet trash. A single, caged bulb cast a weak, yellow light over a heavy-set steel door. The back entrance.}
\par\plain {Just as they took cover behind a large, dented dumpster, the steel door creaked open. A young, harried-looking employee stumbled out, dragging a heavy black rubbish bag. He didn't look around, his only goal to heave the bag into a bin before quickly retreating inside. The door swung shut with a heavy, final }{\f0\fs24\i1 thud}{, the lock clicking into place with unnerving loudness in the quiet alley.}
\par\plain {"That's our chance," Eddie whispered, his voice taut. "He won't be back for a while. Let's go."}
\par\plain {The trio darted from behind the dumpster, their footsteps unnaturally loud on the wet ground. Eddie reached the door first, his focus absolute. "Okay, stand back. I'll corrode the lock mechanism. Standard steel shouldn't take more than a few seconds."}
\par\plain {He placed his hand over the lock, a faint green transmutation circle glowing to life around his knuckles. The air hummed as he focused, preparing to disintegrate the metal at a molecular level. But the moment his energy touched the lock, a sharp blue glyph flared to life on the steel's surface, repelling the green light with a fizzing crackle. Eddie yanked his hand back as if burned.}
\par\plain {"Damn it!" he swore, cradling his stinging fingers. "It's enchanted. Reinforced alloy. My alchemy can't get a purchase."}
\par\plain {"Then let me," Ashley said, stepping forward. There was no panic in her voice, only grim resolve. "Some locks need a key. Others just need a better question."}
\par\plain {She held her staff, the smooth, dark wood familiar in her hands. The silver crystal at its tip began to emit a soft, pulsing light. Closing her eyes for a second, she whispered something too low for the others to hear, her brow furrowed in concentration.}
\par\plain {While she worked, Will acted as lookout. Anxious and needing a better vantage point, he clambered onto a sturdy-looking bin, craning his neck to peer through a high, grimy window that looked into the main shop.}
\par\plain {Ashley touched the glowing crystal to the keyhole. Instead of a physical tool, shimmering tendrils of silver light flowed from the crystal and into the lock, feeling for the magical wards woven within the metal. The process was silent, demanding absolute focus.}
\par\plain {"Guys, we need to hurry this up," Will hissed down from his perch.}
\par\plain {"She's working on it!" Eddie snapped back in a harsh whisper, his eyes fixed on Ashley's strained face.}
\par\plain {"No, I mean }{\f0\fs24\i1 hurry up,}{" Will repeated, his voice dropping with urgency. "Hudson's on the move. The clerk is leading him through a door behind the counter. They're heading for the back rooms."}
\par\plain {The ticking clock was no longer abstract. It was the sound of footsteps approaching from the other side of the wall.}
\par\plain {Ashley's breath hitched, a bead of sweat tracing a path down her temple. The silver light from her staff flared. There was a soft }{\f0\fs24\i1 chime}{ as the first ward broke, then another. The blue glyph on the lock flickered violently. She pushed harder, her knuckles white.}
\par\plain {"Almost there..." she gritted out.}
\par\plain {From inside, muffled but drawing nearer, they could hear the low murmur of Hudson's voice.}
\par\plain {With a final, sharp }{\f0\fs24\i1 click}{ that was both magical and mechanical, the blue glyph died. The lock was open.}
\par\plain {Ashley sagged against the door, exhausted but triumphant. "It's done."}
\par\plain {Eddie didn't hesitate. He grabbed the handle, pulled the heavy door open just enough for them to slip through, and plunged them into the darkness within, pulling the door silently shut just as the sound of footsteps stopped right outside the interior entrance to the room they were now in.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain }