{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The air crackled with a tension so thick it felt like a living thing, a suffocating shroud around Eddie, Ashley, and Will. Walt stood opposite them, a dark sorcerer cloaked in shadows, his power a tangible presence that pulsed with a malevolent energy. Sparks danced between his fingertips, a chilling display of the raw magic at his command.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You think you can stop me?" Walt spat, his voice dripping with disdain. "Pathetic fools. You're nothing but children playing at magic, wielding trinkets against the tide."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie felt a surge of anger course through him. He ripped off his cloak, revealing the bandolier and satchel strapped across his chest \endash  his arsenal of potions and concoctions glinting defiantly in the dim light. "We're not children, Walt," he growled, his voice laced with a steely resolve. "We may not have your brute force, but we have something far more potent \endash  the will to fight for what's right."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley mirrored his defiance, her grip tightening on the ornately carved battle staff she'd snatched from the armory. Her eyes, usually sparkling with warmth, now burned with a fierce determination. "You won't get past us, Walt. Not today."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will, his face etched with a quiet determination, slung his electric guitar into position. The familiar weight of the instrument felt grounding amidst the chaos. He connected it to the portable amp strapped to his back, a silent promise of the unconventional magic he wielded. "We may not have your raw power," he said, his voice ringing with a quiet strength, "but we have something you'll never understand \endash  trust. We trust each other, and that, Walt, is a power all its own."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Walt's eyes narrowed, a flicker of something akin to surprise crossing his features for a fleeting moment. But it was quickly replaced by a cold fury. "Trust? You think that childish sentiment will protect you from the inevitable?" He raised a hand, dark energy swirling around it. "Then prepare to face the consequences of your naivety!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With a snarling battle cry, Walt unleashed a torrent of dark magic. The air itself seemed to warp under the strain, and a wave of raw power slammed into the makeshift trio. Eddie, Ashley, and Will, their faces grim with determination, met the attack head-on. The battle had begun.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In a whirlwind of motion, Walt unleashed a torrent of magic, bolts of crackling energy aimed squarely at Eddie, Ashley, and Will. The makeshift trio, their faces grim with determination, launched into a desperate ballet of evasion. Eddie, with a flick of his wrist, sent a vial of glowing blue potion sailing through the air. It struck Walt's barrier a split second before detonation, erupting in a burst of blinding light and acrid smoke. Blinking back tears caused by the sudden brightness, Walt stumbled back, momentarily disoriented.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley seized the opportunity. With a battle cry that echoed through the narrow corridor, she swung her staff, its tip glowing with an emerald light. A shimmering wave of energy surged forth, slamming into Walt's chest and sending him staggering back. He roared in frustration, the dark energy crackling around him intensifying with each passing moment.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will, his heart pounding a frantic rhythm against his ribs, poured his soul into his music. The once cheerful melody he usually played had morphed into a discordant symphony of defiance. The very air vibrated with the raw power of his emotions, a sonic assault that disrupted Walt's concentration and caused the tendrils of dark magic to sputter and die.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But Walt was a formidable opponent. Even weakened and disoriented, he remained a terrifying force. With a guttural growl, he unleashed another barrage of magic, the bolts finding their mark with an accuracy honed by years of dark practice. Eddie cried out in pain as a stray bolt grazed his arm, a sizzling burn blooming across his skin. Ashley, her staff clattering to the ground as she was struck by a bolt of energy, crumpled to the floor.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Panic threatened to consume Will, but the sight of his friends falling only steeled his resolve. He strummed his guitar with renewed ferocity, the music morphing into a desperate plea for aid. A silent message, a beacon of hope piercing through the chaos, lanced outwards, searching for any who might hear his call.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the dim recesses of the cellar, the captives huddled together, their faces etched with terror. But amidst the fear, a flicker of hope ignited. The raw emotion pouring from Will's music resonated within them, a shared connection that transcended the physical barrier separating them from the battle raging above.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As if in response to Will's desperate plea, a faint tremor echoed through the stone walls. The tremor intensified, growing into a deafening rumble that shook the very foundations of the fortress. Dust rained down from the ceiling, and cobwebs swayed precariously in their corners. The captives exchanged startled glances, a sliver of uncertainty mingling with the nascent hope that had taken root within them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 From the outside world, the sound of a colossal explosion shattered the tense silence. The fortress, once an imposing silhouette against the twilight sky, shuddered violently. A plume of smoke and debris erupted from the battlements, spewing outwards like a monstrous flower blooming in slow motion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Christine, Geralt, and Henry, who had been preparing to launch their rescue mission, exchanged stunned looks. The fortress, seemingly impregnable moments ago, was now under attack. Relief warred with apprehension within them. Help had arrived, but at what cost? The battle lines had shifted, but the true test was yet to come.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In the midst of the chaos, the captives watched with wide eyes, their hopes riding on the shoulders of their friends. Eddie, Ashley, and Will fought with a ferocity born of desperation, their determination unwavering even as the odds seemed stacked against them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But as the battle raged on, it became clear that they were locked in a stalemate. Walt was powerful, too powerful, and every blow they landed seemed to only fuel his fury. Eddie, Ashley, and Will exchanged a knowing glance, their silent communication speaking volumes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "We can't keep this up forever," Ashley said, her voice strained but determined.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "We have to find a way to end this," Will replied, his fingers flying over the strings of his guitar as he unleashed another barrage of sound.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And with that shared resolve burning in their hearts, Eddie, Ashley, and Will redoubled their efforts, pouring every ounce of their strength and magic into the fight. They may not have been winning, but they refused to give up. Not while there was still a chance to protect their friends and emerge victorious against the dark magician who threatened everything they held dear.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The air around Henry crackled with the raw energy of the unseen battle raging within the fortress. His muscles tensed, every fiber of his being yearning to join the fight. Behind him, Christine, Geralt, and the freed captives huddled together, their faces etched with a mixture of relief and apprehension.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Christine's voice, sharp and laced with urgency, cut through the tension. "Henry, remember the plan. We create a distraction, get the others to safety, then we provide backup. Charging in now is just\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Suicide?" Henry finished the sentence for her, his voice tight with frustration. The booming echoes of battle grew louder, a constant reminder of the danger his friends faced. "I can't just stand here while they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The plan, the one they'd meticulously crafted, felt like shackles in this moment. His loyalty, his very soul, resonated with the desperate pleas pouring out from the music \endash  Will's music \endash  a beacon cutting through the chaos.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A steely resolve hardened his features. "Screw the plan," he muttered, his voice barely a whisper above the din. "They need me. I'm going in."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Christine lunged forward, her hand reaching out to grab his arm, but Henry was already a blur of motion, disappearing into the dark maw of the fortress entrance. Her protests died in her throat as she watched him vanish, a wave of worry washing over her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Geralt placed a hand on Christine's shoulder, his gaze locked on the imposing structure. "We follow, but cautiously. Henry may be impulsive, but he wouldn't break ranks unless it was critical."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Christine nodded, her eyes filled with a fierce determination that mirrored Henry's. They had a job to do \endash  ensure the safety of the freed captives while providing support for the fight within.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Inside the fortress, Henry navigated the labyrinthine corridors, his senses on high alert. The thrumming of magic echoed from somewhere deeper, guiding him towards the heart of the conflict. He finally burst into the communication channels room, his breath catching in his throat at the sight before him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fred, his face contorted in a snarl, was locked in a brutal magical duel with a pair of cloaked cultists. Bolts of energy crackled in the air, the very room humming with volatile power. Without a second thought, Henry threw himself into the fray. His dwarven automaton gauntlet, a marvel of engineering, whirred to life as he unleashed a torrent of arcane energy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The cultists whirled around, surprise momentarily flickering across their features before hardening into murderous intent. "Another fool joins the fray!" one of them bellowed, his voice distorted by the shadows of his hood.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Think a glorified machine can stop us?" the other sneered, his hands crackling with dark magic.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Henry gritted his teeth, his resolve unwavering. "It's not just a machine," he growled, the gauntlet amplifying his voice to a metallic boom. "It's the future you so desperately cling to the past to destroy!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The room erupted in chaos as the battle lines shifted. Fred, a manic glint in his eyes, threw his head back and let out a booming laugh. "Welcome to the party, Henry! Knew you wouldn't be able to resist the fireworks!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just as the clash seemed to reach a fever pitch, the door to the communication room burst open once more. Christine and Geralt stood framed in the doorway, their faces grim but resolute. With a deafening roar, Christine unleashed a wave of pure magical energy, sending the cultists flying backward into the far wall.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As the dust settled, the two remaining cultists lay groaning on the floor, their dark magic dispelled. Christine and Geralt stood side-by-side, their eyes scanning the room before landing on Henry.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Henry lowered his gauntlet, a sheepish grin spreading across his face. "So\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 about that plan\u8230\'85"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Christine shook her head, a hint of a smile playing on her lips. "If you're going to be an idiot, Henry," she said, her voice laced with mock seriousness, "don't do it alone. Let's go finish this."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}