{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie and Torrie settled down at the side of the Traveller\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path as the night deepened around them. The glowing Eden Flowers cast a gentle, golden light over the path, creating a serene atmosphere amidst the dense darkness of the Deep Glaive. Eddie sat on the edge of the path, his gaze fixed on the flickering lights of the Eden Flowers. On the other hand, Torrie focused on a more delicate task. She deftly wove Eden Flowers into a crown, her small fingers moving with practised ease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie glanced at her, a hint of curiosity in his voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, Torrie, how do you feel about seeing Catherine again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie looked up from her flower crown, her expression of thoughtful satisfaction. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m happy. Not every day you meet someone with so much knowledge and experience. Aunt Catherine has travelled far and studied so much. Being able to learn from her is fascinating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 Eddie flashed }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 a faint smile \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s... good to see her again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile widened slightly but didn\u8217\'92t reach her eyes as much as before. \u8220\'93And what about you? How do you feel about meeting her again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shrugged, his tone neutral. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile faltered, her eyes narrowing slightly as she studied Eddie\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93Just that? Nothing else fascinates you about her return?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The shift in Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tone was subtle but unmistakable. The casualness of the conversation began to dissipate, replaced by an undercurrent of tension. Eddie\u8217\'92s smile faded, and he looked away, his expression suddenly distant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just... seeing her again is... cool\u8230\'85 She\u8217\'92s awesome.\u8221\'94 Eddie replied, his voice lacking its earlier warmth. He glanced at Torrie, whose previously bright demeanour had now shifted to something more serious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes searched his face, her gaze intense. \u8220\'93Are you telling me that\u8217\'92s all there is to it? You don\u8217\'92t feel anything else about her returning after all this time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shifted uncomfortably. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not like that. I just... I don\u8217\'92t know. She\u8217\'92s still the same person she was before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile had vanished entirely, replaced by a frown of concern and confusion. \u8220\'93Eddie, I thought you\u8217\'92d be more... interested. You used to look up to her so much. Doesn\u8217\'92t it bother you that she seems different now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flicked to the side, avoiding her piercing gaze. \u8220\'93Maybe. I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air between them grew thicker, with unspoken emotions. Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frustration and Eddie\u8217\'92s indifference created a palpable tension. Torrie\u8217\'92s fingers paused mid-motion with the flower crown, her face a mask of frustration and hurt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Eden Flowers glowed softly. Their light cast long shadows that danced across their faces. The once-comforting glow now seemed to highlight the distance growing between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie finally broke the silence, her voice quiet but firm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re not interested in seeing what\u8217\'92s different, then...\u8221\'94 Her voice ceded down}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1  \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93why are you even here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moonlight pierced through the dense canopy of the Deep Glaive, casting jagged patterns across the forest floor. Twisted vines and ancient trees loomed like sentinels, their gnarled forms seeming almost alive in the shifting light. The forest was oppressively silent, broken only by the occasional rustle of leaves and the distant, haunting call of some unseen creature. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus walked behind Catherine, his grip tight on Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flintlock rifle. The weapon was raised, its polished barrel glinting faintly in the pale light. Every whisper of movement sent his heart racing, his eyes darting toward every shadow. At the slightest rustle of a bush, the rifle twitched in his hands, his finger hovering dangerously close to the trigger. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine could hear the weapon rattling and flinging around, her staff resting lightly in her grip. Her expression was calm but sharp. She noticed Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders hunched, his steps jerky and uncertain, and the tension in his grip on the rifle. The unease was palpable, and the oppressive atmosphere was clearly getting to him. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Markus,\u8221\'94 she said softly, breaking the silence with an even tone, \u8220\'93you\u8217\'92re holding that thing like we\u8217\'92re about to be ambushed by an army of bandits.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus shot her a glance, his voice tense. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feels like we might be. This place... it\u8217\'92s not normal. I feel like something\u8217\'92s watching us.\u8221\'94 He turned sharply at another rustling sound, aiming the rifle toward the underbrush. It was just a gust of wind stirring the leaves. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine stopped for a moment, letting her staff tap the ground lightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to give yourself a heart attack before we even find the Artefact.\u8221\'94 She smiled, trying to inject a bit of levity. \u8220\'93Besides, I don\u8217\'92t think Eddie would appreciate you wasting all his precious gunpowder on small critters.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus lowered the rifle but kept it ready. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Easy for you to joke, ma\u8217\'92am! You\u8217\'92ve got magic if something happens. I\u8217\'92ve got only this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and it\u8217\'92s not exactly comforting.\u8221\'94 He gave the rifle a wary look as if it might betray him at any moment. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stepped closer, her voice quiet but steady. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll be fine. I\u8217\'92ve been through worse, believe me. And I promise you won\u8217\'92t be facing it alone if anything comes at us.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus glanced at her, the tension in his jaw easing slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 he muttered. \u8220\'93But I\u8217\'92m still keeping this thing ready.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They continued deeper into the forest. The oppressive silence seemed to press in even closer, the darkness growing thicker. Catherine kept her senses sharp, but she made a mental note to keep talking\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it seemed to keep Markus from completely unravelling. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 she began, her tone conversational, \u8220\'93I used to visit Eddie\u8217\'92s home a lot when he was younger. We\u8217\'92d go adventuring in old ruins, exploring caves and abandoned barns. I thought I was pretty brave back then. But this? An illusory forest with who-knows-what lurking around? A first for me.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus glanced at her, his face pale. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really? That must have been something.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine nodded with a reminiscent smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was. Eddie used to love going off-trail, never sticking to the safe paths. He was always adventurous, seeking new experiences, no matter the danger. We\u8217\'92d found ourselves in trouble countless times, but Eddie always seemed to enjoy the thrill of it. His older brother Alfred and I often had to help him out of those scrapes.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus swallowed hard, his nerves evident. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie... he seems different now. He doesn\u8217\'92t seem like the same person.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile faded slightly as she looked at Markus. \u8220\'93Different? How so?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus took a deep breath, his voice trembling slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, there\u8217\'92s a reason for that. Back at the academy, a kid named Davies heavily bullied me. I wasn\u8217\'92t as adept at magic as the others, so I was an easy target. Eddie was always my friend because he didn\u8217\'92t quite fit in. He\u8217\'92d spend time with me instead of those other guys.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus paused, his eyes reflecting the dim light. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One day, when Davies was particularly brutal, Eddie was there. He was impulsive, as he always was, and he challenged Davies to a duel. None of us knew how it would end. Davies didn\u8217\'92t take Eddie seriously, but during the duel, Eddie accidentally scarred Davies\u8217\'92 face. It was a mess, and Eddie got expelled from the academy.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression shifted from curiosity to shock and sympathy. \u8220\'93I had no idea. Eddie never spoke about it in detail. I\u8217\'92ve always wondered why he seemed so distant.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus nodded, his gaze dropping. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was a turning point for him. He became cold and withdrawn after that. It\u8217\'92s like he lost something important to him.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine sighed, her heart heavy with the weight of newfound understanding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish I had known. I might have been able to help him see past it and rekindle his love for magic. I hope that\u8217\'92s still possible.\u8221\'94 }}