{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leonard Aegannum as formerly known as Leonard Welton, took upon his name as the true heir of the Kingdom of Edenfield, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1. Leo has a fight with the Weltons, demanding to know who he and Eddie was, whilst Eddie was more accepting, Leo demanded. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2. Leo eventually sails from Edenfield, leaving a bitter taste in the Weltons, especially Eddie. Eddie hated how he left.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3. Leo was taken under the winds of The Hand, who gave him shelter and an opportunity to study in Edenfield University under their support, he was then became a prominent political figure in Edenfield}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4. After a while, The Hand destabilised Edenfield by creating crimes that they seemingly able to solve themselves by the The Hand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Vigilante movements (A paramilitary organisation) who can catch criminals, returns hostages and hand them to the police. As the police stood unpowered.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5. After a while, the Edenfield Population views The Hand as a more powerful organisation in Edenfield.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 6. Leo then, one day with the escort of The Hand, goes to the palace. Proclaiming that he is Leonard Aegannum. Son of Gereon Aegannum. And challenged King Nicholaus into a duel. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 7. Leo won. But he was imprisoned. The council of Edenfield still deemed Leo was an illigitemate heir.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 8. Something strage happened, the citizen of Edenfield protested. And demanded for Leonard to be made King of Edenfield}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 9. Leonard then went on become the King of Edenfield. The flag of the Four Winged Dragon flutters once more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o- ACT 2}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 10. Leonard sat on the throne of Edenfield, he took over the city, but the army still answer to the current High King. King Arteidis of King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Grave. But one thing for sure. He now has a say in the Council of Kings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 11. Leonard began planting false-flag operations against the Nation of Glyndoria, that is Solivia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eastern neighbour. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 12. As the conflict excalates. Solivia is now at war with Glyndoria.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 13. The High King, Arteidis deemed incapable of warfare. As Soliva loses ground by ground. As the Kings debate, they chose the King that has experience eliminating crimes and battles. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 14. Leonard was made High-King, and King Arteidis was dethroned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 15. Solivia swiftly won the war against Glyndoria, and annexed the country.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 16. This sparks global unrest, the news spread everywhere.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 17. Under the rule of Leonard, Solivia transformed.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 18. Solivia grew its Military Might, its old Elven Traditions are brought back, the Kings are changed to those who are loyal to Leonard, after a while, the Council of Kings filled with Kings who all never questions Leonard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s decision}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 19. Solivia began its Military conquest, their goal is one. That is reclaiming the lost territory of Emperor Nocturnilus the Conqueror, if Leonard able to do that, he will be able by right. Reclaim the old Solivian Empire. And as he became Emperor. He will have access to The Well of The Reach. That was only able to be entered by the Ancient Elves and only allowed the Emperor himself to enter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ACT 3}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 20: Finished with Glyndoria and Lunaria, Leonard had retaken the territory of the Elves. Now he sets his eyes to the west. And began attacking Argantheia}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 21. Solivia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Military might grew significanly. Drafts became prominent. Military service became mandatory.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 22. Solivia began its war with Argantheia. Isgardia was called upon to aid. Solivia is now at war in two front. The North and The West}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 23. Solivia successfully won the war with Isgardia}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 24. But as Solivia began its war with Argantheia. A Rebellion grew. Operation Phoenix commences. Half of its generals betrayed Leonard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s conquest. And raised a secret army called The Old Guards. Who disagree with Leonard\u8217\'92s actions. Now Solivia fought a civil war and the war in Argantheia}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 25. As the war with Argantheia finishes, Leonard \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93mercifully\u8221\'94 grants Argantheia half of its territory. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 26. Now Solivia is rebranded as The Second Solivian Empire. With Leonard as its Emperor. He marches to the Well of the Reach to demand entry. Only to be turned down.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 27. Leonard sacked The Reach and forced his way in. His army was massacred, but he has more men than The Reach has sentinels. He eventually made his way into The Well. Only to realise that the Well was locked by a Keystone. Who is hidden somewhere. After some coercing. He could deduce that the Keystone is in Edenfield}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 28. The Siege of Edenfield. Edenfield was now defended by The Old Guard\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s 507th Rider Division and the defected 3rd Royal Paladins. Under the command of Alfred Welton, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 29. Edenfield eventually fell. The Old Guards encircled and massacred.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 30. Leonard took the Keystone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ACT 4}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 31. Leonard goes back to The Reach. The halls were littered by the bodies of its millenia old sentinels. He goes to the well. Unlocks it and Opened the Well.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 32. The Mana Energy from the Well shots up, creating a big mushroom-like stem and like a tree, it lits like a light blue beacon.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 33. The Mana is now abundant. The air surrounding the continents feels like prickly, the trees grew and twists. Dragons the size of mountains roams, animals turned into beasts. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The world turned into The World of Always Dusk}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 34. Leonard. The Emperor, userper of The Reach. Now controls Magic Itself. He had risen to the level no conquerors of past had ever dreamt of.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 35. He, continues his conquest east now. He is going to finally conquer the Alamirian Desert, the home of Alchemy.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 36. As he continues his warfare. A little rebellion formed. Lead by Edward Welton, and eight of his companions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab (Ed\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s perspective, lots of people die. Catherine and The Princess died.)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab (The princess died in her headquarters in Edenfield)\line \tab \tab (Catherine died in The Reach being the Last Sentinel of The Well, wielding her twin blades for the first time in millenia, and for the first time, proclaiming her birth name of Katharos)}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 37. Edward\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Rebellion stormed The Reach. His aim is one. To close the Well. And end his brother\u8217\'92s fanatical reign of power.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 38. In the fierce battle of the last remnants of humanity, Edward slew Leonard, and closes the Well. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sun rose once more.}}