{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The elevator doors slid open with a soft chime, and Eddie, Will, and Ashley stepped out into the quiet hallway, their playful banter still going strong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just saying,\u8221\'94 Will continued, gesturing dramatically, \u8220\'93if she doesn\u8217\'92t love my sculpting tools, then clearly her taste is broken.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right, because nothing says heartfelt like, \u8216\'91Here\u8217\'92s something to remind you of work.\u8217\'92 At least my pastries will make her smile.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And my tea\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Eddie began, but his words faltered mid-sentence as he caught sight of something down the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Three figures in black hooded cloaks stood a short distance away, their backs turned toward the trio. The hallway\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dim lighting only added to their ominous appearance, the fabric of their cloaks shifting slightly as if caught in a breeze that didn\u8217\'92t exist. One of the figures, taller than the others, held a small satchel, while the others appeared to exchange whispered words, their voices too low to catch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The group instinctively slowed their steps, the air around them suddenly feeling heavier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh... is that normal?\u8221\'94 Ashley whispered, breaking the uneasy silence. Her eyes flicked between the cloaked figures and her friends. \u8220\'93Do people here just... dress like that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie and Will exchanged a glance. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a clue,\u8221\'94 Will muttered, his earlier bravado tempered by the unease creeping into his tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shifted the tin of tea in his hands, his gaze lingering on the figures for a moment longer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s just... mind our own business,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice firm but quiet. \u8220\'93Madeleine\u8217\'92s room isn\u8217\'92t far. Let\u8217\'92s go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Agreed,\u8221\'94 Ashley said, though her voice carried a note of tension. She pulled her coat tighter around her shoulders, as if to shield herself from the discomfort of the situation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They walked in silence, their earlier levity forgotten. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind churned with questions. Who were these people? Why were they here? He glanced back briefly but saw no change in the figures\u8217\'92 posture\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they seemed more focused on whatever conversation they were having than on the trio.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still, unease gnawed at him. The Northern District was a grand, elegant part of the city, but it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel as inviting as the bustling streets of the university district or the familiar simplicity of Weshaven. The grandeur here came with shadows, and tonight, those shadows seemed a little darker than usual.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley broke the silence as they approached another corridor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe they\u8217\'92re just performers or something,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone forced and nervous. \u8220\'93Some kind of... local theater group?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 Will said, trying to inject humor into his voice, though it came out strained. \u8220\'93And their play\u8217\'92s called }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91How to Make People Uncomfortable.\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t laugh. He glanced at the room numbers on the doors, focusing on finding Madeleine\u8217\'92s apartment. The sooner they were inside, the better.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The hallway felt narrower than it should have been, the silence between Eddie, Will, and Ashley stretching like a taut string ready to snap. Their earlier laughter and banter had evaporated, leaving behind the oppressive weight of the cloaked figures\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 presence. The sound of their footsteps\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 soft taps against the polished stone floor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 seemed unnaturally loud in the quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie kept his gaze fixed ahead, the scrap of paper with Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room number clutched tightly in his hand. "Just keep walking," he muttered under his breath, his voice barely above a whisper. "We don\u8217\'92t have business with them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will, uncharacteristically quiet, nodded, his hands shoved into his jacket pockets. Ashley, walking slightly behind them, cast glances over her shoulder, her brows furrowed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I swear, they\u8217\'92re not even trying to be subtle,\u8221\'94 she murmured, her voice tight. \u8220\'93Why would anyone dress like that in the middle of the night?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 Eddie replied quickly. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not here for us. Just... play it cool.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the air around them refused to cool. It buzzed with an unspoken tension, each step feeling heavier than the last. The three figures ahead walked slowly, deliberately, their movements synchronized in an unsettling way. The tallest one, the one with the satchel, glanced briefly over their shoulder, causing Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart to leap into his throat. He forced himself to keep his eyes forward, pretending to focus on the hallway numbers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley muttered something under her breath, too quiet for Eddie to hear, but the nervous edge in her tone was unmistakable. Will, for once, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a joke or a quip to ease the mood. Instead, he stayed close to Eddie, his hands flexing at his sides as if unsure whether to relax or prepare for something worse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, they reached Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room at the end of the hallway. Eddie recognized the door immediately\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 its polished surface bore a brass plaque engraved with her room number. Relief began to creep into his chest, the first real reprieve since stepping off the elevator. All they had to do was knock, and they\u8217\'92d be inside. Safe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie raised his hand, ready to rap on the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But as his knuckles hovered just inches from the wood, the faint shuffle of footsteps stopped behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His breath caught. Slowly, almost unwillingly, Eddie turned his head to look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The three cloaked figures had also stopped\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 right in front of Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was as if time itself paused, the only sound the faint hum of the hallway\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lighting. Eddie\u8217\'92s heart pounded in his ears, drowning out all rational thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The silence between them was suffocating, thick with the unspoken threat hanging in the air. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart raced, the pounding in his chest growing louder than the hushed whispers of the others. He stood frozen in front of the door, every muscle tense, every instinct screaming for him to move, to do something, but his feet remained rooted to the floor. Will and Ashley stood beside him, equally alert, but he could see the unease in their eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tallest figure broke the silence with a low, almost mocking voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah,\u8221\'94 he said, the word dragging on with a chill in his tone, \u8220\'93What do we have here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened. His throat felt dry, but he forced himself to speak, trying to keep his voice steady. "What do you want?" His words came out clipped, though a hint of fear lingered behind them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tallest figure smiled, the expression barely discernible under the shadow of his hood. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a smile of warmth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was cold, calculating. "We have no business with you, young man." His tone was smooth, like polished marble, but the undertone carried a weight that made Eddie\u8217\'92s stomach twist. "However, we do have business with Miss Daedallia."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The female figure moved subtly, a flicker of motion under her cloak, her hand reaching for something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 likely a dagger. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught in his throat, and his eyes flickered to her hand, but before she could unsheath it, the tallest one raised a hand in a slow, deliberate gesture. It was an almost imperceptible motion, but the command was clear. She paused, her fingers lingering on the hilt before retracting her hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No need for such measures,\u8221\'94 the tallest one continued, his voice never rising, never losing its eerie calm. "This need not turn ugly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulse quickened, his mind racing. The dread creeping up his spine became a solid weight in his chest. His instinct was to back away, to flee, but he couldn\u8217\'92t. Not with Madeleine behind that door, not when these people clearly had something to do with her. \u8220\'93What is your business with her?\u8221\'94 Eddie pressed, his voice wavering slightly, despite his efforts to sound firm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The figure didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer. Instead, his gaze locked onto Eddie, calculating, appraising. "Step aside," he said coldly, his tone carrying the weight of an order. \u8220\'93This is not a conversation for you to be a part of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stood his ground, shaking his head slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not moving.\u8221\'94 The words felt like a vow more than a refusal, and even though his hands were clammy with fear, he forced himself to meet the figure\u8217\'92s gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will shifted behind him, his fingers twitching near his guitar, his knuckles white around the strap. Ashley, too, was tense, her hand hovering over the staff tucked behind her back, ready to pull it free. Neither of them said anything, but Eddie could feel their unspoken support\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 their readiness to act if it came to that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The figures before them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 silent, calculating\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 began to reach beneath their cloaks. Their movements were smooth, deliberate. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted between them, his thoughts a swirl of chaos. He knew they weren\u8217\'92t just reaching for random items\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whatever they were about to pull out, it was meant for him, for them. Will was already stepping forward, the strap of his guitar bag sliding from his shoulder, the energy in his stance ready to snap into action.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tallest figure\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice cut through the tension like a knife. "Do not test us. Step aside, or we will make you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest tightened, but he didn\u8217\'92t move. He couldn\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not taking her," he said quietly, but there was an edge to his voice now. A fire kindled in him, fed by his fear and the realization that these figures were dangerous. "We\u8217\'92re not letting you anywhere near her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A long pause followed, the air thick with a tension that threatened to snap. Will, his guitar now gripped in both hands, prepared for whatever came next. Ashley had her staff half-drawn, her eyes flashing with resolve. And Eddie? He simply stood there, his heart racing, his hands clenched into fists at his sides, staring down the figures as they loomed in front of him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tallest figure\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed, but he did not advance. Instead, he tilted his head slightly, as if considering Eddie\u8217\'92s defiance. "You are making a grave mistake," he said, his voice cool but with a flicker of something more dangerous lurking beneath it. "This is not a path you want to walk."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath hitched, but his gaze never wavered. "I\u8217\'92m not moving," he repeated, his voice stronger now, despite the gnawing fear in his gut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tension in the hallway thickened, crackling like the air before a storm. Eddie stood frozen for a heartbeat, every muscle locked in place, but then a voice, so familiar yet foreign, cut through the silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Step aside, Welton." The voice was calm, measured\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 almost too calm. "This doesn't need to end this way."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart skipped a beat. That voice. It sent a chill down his spine, even as his mind scrambled to place it. Slowly, he turned his head, his eyes locking onto the hooded figures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Walther?\u8221\'94 Eddie\u8217\'92s voice was barely a whisper, his breath catching in his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The figure before them, the second hooded figure, slowly lowered their hood, and Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank. The straight white hair that fell around the figure\u8217\'92s face was unmistakable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The figure's sharp, angular features became clear, his once-familiar face now cloaked in a cold, unsettling expression. He looked different\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his eyes were darker, almost hollow, and his presence exuded something dangerous, something Eddie had never seen in him before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, disbelief spreading across his face. "Walther?" he said, his voice tinged with confusion and growing concern. "What the hell are you doing here, man?" Will shuddered, this time his voice cracking slightly. The confusion, the fear, it all hit him like a ton of bricks. The Walther he knew\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the dorm mate, the seemingly harmless second-year Alchemy student\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was gone. In his place stood someone Eddie didn\u8217\'92t recognize, someone who had crossed a line they never thought he would.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you doing this?\u8221\'94 Eddie muttered under his breath, more to himself than anyone else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond immediately. His expression remained stone-cold, his eyes flicking briefly to the door behind Eddie, where Madeleine\u8217\'92s apartment lay. Then he spoke again, his voice carrying that same cold detachment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You three need to step aside,\u8221\'94 Walther said, his voice quiet but firm. "You're meddling in matters far greater than just university business. If you don't move, I will be forced to make you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The weight of his words hit Eddie like a slap, but it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just the words\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was the finality in Walther\u8217\'92s tone. The calmness in his voice made it clear this wasn\u8217\'92t a threat made in haste. This was a command.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart pounded in his chest, the anger bubbling up like a storm threatening to break. He could feel Will and Ashley bracing beside him, just as ready as he was to fight if it came to that. But what Walther said next, the casual disregard for the possibility of violence, made Eddie snap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop acting like you give a shit about hurting us, Walther,\u8221\'94 Eddie shot back, his voice fierce, biting. He took a slow step forward, his hand instinctively reaching for the wand in his jacket\u8217\'92s pocket. \u8220\'93You're a fucking traitor. And if you want to move me, make me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His words were fueled by a mix of fury, betrayal, and the fear that had lodged itself deep in his gut. Walther had always been a classmate, a fellow Alchemy student, someone Eddie had trusted. And now, here he was, standing before them in the dark, aligned with forces that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just want Madeleine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they wanted something much more dangerous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will shifted beside him, his hand still hovering near his guitar case, ready for whatever came next. Ashley, too, seemed ready to spring into action, her staff now held loosely in her hand, eyes narrowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flickered briefly to Will, to Eddie, to Ashley. His lips parted in what might have been the faintest of smirks, but there was no warmth in it. Just cold calculation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You really have no idea, do you, Welton?" Walther said, his tone almost pitying now. "This is bigger than anything you can understand."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes locked with Walther\u8217\'92s, his jaw set. He wasn\u8217\'92t going to back down. Not now. "I don\u8217\'92t give a shit what you\u8217\'92re involved in," Eddie said through gritted teeth. "If you want to get to Madeleine, you\u8217\'92ll have to go through me first."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a moment, the two stood there, locked in a silent standoff, their stares like a battle of wills. The air hummed with a palpable tension, like the crackling before a lightning strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression softened for the briefest of moments, but there was no warmth in it. "I never wanted it to come to this," he said, but his voice lacked the sincerity it once held. "But if you stand in my way, I will make you." }}