{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The rooftop of the Alchemy Faculty Building was vast and flat, surrounded by a low stone railing. From this height, Eddie could see the entire city of Edenfield sprawled below him. The skyline was a blend of gothic spires and cobbled streets winding like veins through the city. Dorm 7 was easily recognizable, a comforting speck in the distance, as was Dorm 9 where Ashley lived. Beyond them, the university grounds stretched out, dotted with students bustling about their early morning routines.}
\par\plain {The cold morning wind whipped across the rooftop, tugging fiercely at Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brown wool jacket. He pulled it tighter around himself, shivering slightly, while Walther stood near the edge, his black long coat billowing dramatically behind him. The sharp contrast of Walther\u8217\'92s composed figure against the lively panorama of Edenfield struck Eddie as surreal.}
\par\plain {Walther turned, his eyes gleaming with a mix of interest and calculation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quite a view, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 he began, his tone low and deliberate. \u8220\'93Fitting for a student with potential like yours. Rarely do we get to look down on the world like this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie glanced away uncomfortably, focusing instead on the distant horizon. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s... nice, I guess,\u8221\'94 he mumbled.}
\par\plain {Walther stepped closer, his boots clinking softly against the stone. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve heard stories about you, Eddie. About what happened in Professor Rheagan\u8217\'92s session with the acorn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head shot up. \u8220\'93What? That was... I mean, it was just an accident. I didn\u8217\'92t mean to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To turn a simple acorn into a hundred-year-old oak?\u8221\'94 Walther interrupted, his tone heavy with admiration. \u8220\'93An accident like that is no accident at all. It\u8217\'92s strength, raw and untempered. It\u8217\'92s potential that most can only dream of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie rubbed the back of his neck, his unease growing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know. Everyone just made such a big deal out of it. It\u8217\'92s not like I could do it again if I tried.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because you\u8217\'92re holding yourself back,\u8221\'94 Walther said firmly. \u8220\'93I see it in you, Eddie. You don\u8217\'92t want to push too far, afraid of what might happen if you fail or if you succeed too much. But that\u8217\'92s not strength\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that\u8217\'92s a leash.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened, but before he could respond, Walther continued, his voice softening, almost empathetic. \u8220\'93I know how it feels to have people doubt you. To feel like every misstep is a reason for someone to give up on you, to turn away.\u8221\'94 He leaned against the stone railing, gazing out over the city as if lost in thought. \u8220\'93When I first started here, I was just another name on a roster, another face in a crowd. Nobody saw what I could do\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 until I stopped holding back. Until I let myself truly explore the depths of my potential.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie hesitated, Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words stirring a mix of emotions. \u8220\'93But what if... what if it\u8217\'92s not enough?\u8221\'94 he asked quietly. \u8220\'93What if I mess up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Walther turned to him, his expression both intense and reassuring. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Messing up is part of the process, Eddie. It\u8217\'92s how we learn. It\u8217\'92s how we grow. But you\u8217\'92ll never know what you\u8217\'92re truly capable of until you let go of the fear.\u8221\'94 He paused, his gaze piercing. \u8220\'93Trust me, I\u8217\'92ve been where you are. I\u8217\'92ve felt the weight of those doubts, but overcoming them? That\u8217\'92s where real strength lies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The cold wind howled around the rooftop, the tension between Eddie and Walther palpable. Walther leaned casually on the stone railing, his sharp eyes fixed on Eddie, who stood a few steps away, arms crossed defensively.}
\par\plain {"You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re still thinking about Madeleine, do you?, her advice might work for her," Walther said, his voice cutting through the wind like a blade. "But not everyone can afford to take the gentle route. Magic isn\u8217\'92t about feelings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s about results. Do you think the examiners will care how you feel? They just want to see power."}
\par\plain {Eddie frowned, his jaw tightening. He could feel Walther's words digging into the insecurities he rarely let surface. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not what Madeleine meant,\u8221\'94 he muttered. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s just trying to help me find a way that works.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Walther stepped closer, his black coat whipping in the breeze. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And that\u8217\'92s where you\u8217\'92re wrong, Eddie. Her approach works for her. But you and I both know it\u8217\'92s not going to work for you. You\u8217\'92re not like her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you\u8217\'92re not about \u8216\'91feelings\u8217\'92 or \u8216\'91intuition.\u8217\'92 You\u8217\'92re logical, methodical. You know magic is a force to be mastered, not coddled. And you\u8217\'92ve got the brains for it, so stop holding back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands clenched into fists at his sides. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not holding back,\u8221\'94 he said, though his voice lacked conviction.}
\par\plain {Walther smirked, his tone shifting to something almost playful, though no less sharp. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A logical thinker like you should see the flaw in that statement, Eddie. If you weren\u8217\'92t holding back, would you still be here, worrying about whether you\u8217\'92ll pass the final ritual? Or would you be down there, confidently preparing to take on whatever they throw at you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie glared at him, his frustration bubbling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just... I don\u8217\'92t want to mess up, okay? You don\u8217\'92t get it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smirk faded, replaced by a cold intensity. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t I?\u8221\'94 He stepped back and drew his staff from beneath his coat. It was a striking piece, black wood polished to a gleaming finish, with a silver snake coiling sinuously around a dark crystal at its apex. The air seemed to hum faintly as he held it.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Magic should be used as it was intended in its inception,\u8221\'94 Walther declared, his voice taking on an almost ceremonial tone. \u8220\'93To show strength.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie stared at the staff, his heart pounding. Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s presence seemed to fill the space, the weight of his words pressing on Eddie\u8217\'92s chest.}
\par\plain {Walther tilted his head, studying him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re afraid, aren\u8217\'92t you, Welton? I can see it in your eyes. That hesitation, that doubt. Let me help you. Let me show you what you\u8217\'92re capable of.\u8221\'94 He stepped closer, his expression now one of cold challenge. \u8220\'93A duel. Right here, right now. Let\u8217\'92s see what you\u8217\'92re made of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie took a step back, shaking his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not doing that. I don\u8217\'92t want to hurt anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Walther scoffed, the sound dripping with disdain. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hurt me? Don\u8217\'92t flatter yourself. Besides\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 he glanced toward the trapdoor they\u8217\'92d climbed through\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already handled the janitor. A simple illusion. He won\u8217\'92t remember a thing. If you kill me, nobody will bat an eye. You\u8217\'92ll be fine.\u8221\'94 His grin was predatory now, a hunter closing in on his prey. \u8220\'93So come on, Eddie. Show me what you\u8217\'92ve got.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught. Memories from his childhood surged forward\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 flashes of chaos, of screaming, of that terrible accident that had gotten him expelled from his first school. The raw, unrestrained power that had exploded from him back then.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Eddie stammered, his voice shaky.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Enough excuses!\u8221\'94 Walther barked, planting his staff into the stone with a resonant thud. \u8220\'93You have the strength. You\u8217\'92re just too afraid to use it. And that\u8217\'92s the difference between you and me, Eddie\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I\u8217\'92m not afraid. So let\u8217\'92s see if you\u8217\'92ve got what it takes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie swallowed hard, his mind racing. He hated the way Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words twisted in his head, stirring both doubt and defiance. Part of him wanted to refuse, to walk away\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but another part, deep down, wanted to prove Walther wrong. To prove himself.}
\par\plain {His hand hovered over his wand. The wind howled louder, as if urging him to decide.}
\par\plain {The air was thick with tension as Eddie stood across from Walther, his feet planted firmly on the cold stone rooftop. The wind whipped through his hair, but he barely noticed. His mind was entirely focused on the duel that had started so innocuously, but was quickly becoming something much more. Walther stood poised, his black staff raised, the crystal gleaming in the early morning light.}
\par\plain {"Ready, Welton?" Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was cool, almost bored as he studied Eddie. "Let's see what you've learned."}
\par\plain {Without warning, Walther flicked his wrist, and a crackling bolt of lightning shot from the tip of his staff. It was fast, but not too fast. Eddie had seen lightning before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he could handle it. With a calm breath, Eddie raised his wand in defense, summoning a shimmering shield of arcane energy just in time to block the strike.}
\par\plain {The bolt hit the shield with a violent crackle, sending sparks flying. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand trembled slightly as the force pushed against him, but the shield held, absorbing the energy.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not bad,\u8221\'94 Walther said, his voice approving but distant. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re quick to react.\u8221\'94 He stepped back, his eyes gleaming with calculation. \u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s not enough, Eddie. Not nearly enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Walther waved his staff again, sending another, slightly stronger bolt of lightning Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s way. The sound of it crackling through the air was deafening as it shot toward him. Eddie\u8217\'92s pulse quickened, but his wand reacted instinctively, forming another shimmering barrier just in time to deflect the strike.}
\par\plain {Walther didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem impressed. \u8220\'93Good. But still, you\u8217\'92re only playing defense. Magic is more than just stopping the attack. You need to }{\f0\fs24\i1 show}{ power. You need to }{\f0\fs24\i1 control}{ it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie swallowed, the weight of Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words settling into his chest. He had to admit, there was some truth to them. In every lesson, every training session, he had always been taught to focus on control\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 on perfecting his defensive skills, on making sure he could react in any situation. But now, standing on this rooftop facing Walther, he wondered if that was enough. He had always been told that control was the key to success in magic. But what if }{\f0\fs24\i1 strength}{ was what really mattered?}
\par\plain {Walther waved his hand again, sending another bolt of energy at Eddie, this time with more power, more intent behind it. The attack was faster, the air around it crackling with raw energy.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s instincts kicked in again. He raised his wand, the shield springing into place with a sharp snap. The bolt hit the shield with a deafening crash, but this time, Eddie\u8217\'92s knees buckled slightly, and he staggered back, struggling to maintain his footing.}
\par\plain {Walther raised an eyebrow, a small smile tugging at his lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good reflexes,\u8221\'94 he said, but his tone was edged with something darker now. \u8220\'93But still no offense. Still no }{\f0\fs24\i1 real}{ magic.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie took a deep breath, his mind racing. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t attacked. He hadn\u8217\'92t even tried to strike back. He\u8217\'92d just reacted\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 defended. Was that really all he had?}
\par\plain {Walther stepped closer, his voice low and almost taunting. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not bad, Eddie. But is that all you\u8217\'92ve got? The examiners will eat you alive if you don\u8217\'92t show them real magic. Magic isn\u8217\'92t about playing it safe. It\u8217\'92s about showing your strength. Power. And right now, you\u8217\'92re only showing fear.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart skipped a beat. His mind flashed back to the accident\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the raw, uncontrolled magic that had nearly destroyed everything. It was still a part of him, that fear. The fear that the power inside him was too much.}
\par\plain {But Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words kept pushing at him, gnawing at him. Was he really holding back? Was that all he was? A scared little boy who couldn\u8217\'92t control his magic?}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop holding back,\u8221\'94 Walther urged, his voice growing more insistent. \u8220\'93Show me what you\u8217\'92re really capable of. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Attack me.}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand clenched around his wand. He could feel the raw magic inside him, buzzing, waiting. But that fear still clung to him. The accident. The consequences.}
\par\plain {The wind howled around them as the duel continued, the tension building with every passing second. Walther's eyes gleamed with that same cold, calculating intensity, but now there was something more\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 frustration. Eddie could feel it. Every lightning bolt that shot toward him seemed stronger, faster, more dangerous. Walther was no longer just testing him. He was pushing him, trying to break him.}
\par\plain {Another bolt of crackling energy flew at Eddie, its force sending a ripple through the air. Eddie raised his wand, his breath shallow as the shield formed in front of him, just in time. The impact sent a shockwave through his body, his knees shaking, but the shield held.}
\par\plain {Walther stepped back, a thin, mocking smile curling at the corner of his lips. "Still playing it safe, Welton?" he sneered, raising his staff again. "You really think this is enough? You think the examiners will care about your little shields and clever tricks? They want power, Eddie. Real power."}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart pounded in his chest, his hands cold and trembling as he focused all his energy on keeping the shield up. Each bolt of lightning was a reminder of what had happened in the past\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 of the accident that had haunted him for years. But now, that fear was beginning to cloud his judgment, and Walther could see it.}
\par\plain {Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed as he took another step forward, his voice low and menacing. "You\u8217\'92re afraid, aren\u8217\'92t you?" His tone was laced with venom. "Afraid you don\u8217\'92t belong here. Afraid you\u8217\'92re not strong enough. Afraid that all this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everything you\u8217\'92ve worked for\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is just going to crumble the moment you face the truth."}
\par\plain {Eddie flinched, the words cutting deeper than he expected. He swallowed hard, but Walther wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t done.}
\par\plain {"Prove me wrong, Welton," Walther taunted, his voice rising with a challenge. "Stop hiding behind your shields. Stop pretending you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not scared. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Show me the power you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re hiding.}{"}
\par\plain {The moment Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s staff flicked with a smooth, practiced motion, Eddie\u8217\'92s heart skipped a beat. The metal railings that lined the rooftop groaned and shuddered, and with a hiss of magic, they twisted and warped before Eddie's eyes. The railings didn\u8217\'92t just bend\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they transformed.}
\par\plain {Long, sinuous snakes made of iron hissed and slithered from the railings, their eyes glowing with an eerie, metallic sheen. The hiss echoed through the air as they lunged toward Eddie, their jaws snapping with sharp, pointed fangs.}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hesitate. He slammed his wand forward, his mind already calculating the alchemical formula in his head. With a sharp incantation, he concentrated on the transformation. The iron snakes\u8217\'92 bodies began to crumble, their form disintegrating into fine, jagged iron dust. The alchemical technique he used was precise\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was turning solid iron into dust, something he had studied countless times.}
\par\plain {But before he could even catch his breath, the iron dust began to swirl and shift, coiling back together with unnatural speed. With a sickening, metallic screech, the snakes reformed, snapping back into their original, terrifying shapes.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened in disbelief. "You're fucking mental, Walther!" he screamed, his voice strained with fear and frustration.}
\par\plain {Walther only smirked, his cold eyes glinting with an unsettling mixture of amusement and calculation. He raised his staff again, and the snakes lunged forward once more, this time faster, angrier. Walther wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t playing around anymore.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind raced. This wasn\u8217\'92t just a friendly duel\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was something more. Walther was pushing him harder than anyone had before, testing him, seeing if he could break through whatever invisible wall Eddie had built around himself. He wasn\u8217\'92t just fighting to win; Walther was searching for something deeper. }{\f0\fs24\i1 What the hell is he after?}{ Eddie thought, his fingers trembling as he gripped his wand tighter.}
\par\plain {He could feel Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes on him, cold and calculating. Walther wasn\u8217\'92t simply trying to beat him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was }{\f0\fs24\i1 watching}{, waiting for something. Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shake the feeling that Walther was looking for something more, something that had to do with him. Eddie\u8217\'92s instincts told him it had to do with magic. But which magic? Why was Walther so intent on pushing him to the brink?}
\par\plain {"Is that all you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got, Welton?" Walther\u8217\'92s voice sliced through the air, his tone taunting, like he was daring Eddie to prove him wrong.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart thudded in his chest. The snakes were closing in again, their jaws snapping, their metallic bodies gleaming under the morning light. Eddie\u8217\'92s thoughts raced as he frantically searched for a way out. He needed to fight back\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not just defend, not just react. He needed to }{\f0\fs24\i1 do more}{. But his mind kept returning to the accident, to the time he lost control, to the fear that surged within him every time he faced his magic head-on.}
\par\plain {With a strangled breath, Eddie stepped back, his legs shaking, but his resolve hardening. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let Walther win. He }{\f0\fs24\i1 couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t}{ let this go on any longer. Whatever Walther was looking for, Eddie wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to give it to him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not unless he was ready to confront his fears.}
\par\plain {The snakes were almost upon him.}
\par\plain {Then, in a split-second decision, Eddie pushed past his hesitation. His wand flicked with a sharp motion, and this time, he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just turning the metal into dust. He was manipulating it at a deeper level\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 twisting, bending, shaping the very molecules within the metal. He could feel the magic coursing through his veins, a raw surge of energy he hadn\u8217\'92t tapped into before. The snakes froze, their bodies shaking as if they too could sense the power growing.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind raced as he studied Walther\u8217\'92s spell, the intricacies of the movement and the surge of power. The metal snakes coiled around each other, their glowing eyes fierce, their movements lightning-quick. Eddie\u8217\'92s pulse quickened as he saw the magic in a new light\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Walther\u8217\'92s power was raw, chaotic, but there was a control there, too. Eddie could replicate it. He could do it. }{\f0\fs24\i1 I can do this}{.}
\par\plain {With a focused breath, Eddie drew his wand with precision. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t trying to outdo Walther. He wasn\u8217\'92t trying to prove anything. His goal was simple: control. With a soft incantation, Eddie focused on the iron around him, gathering the magic as his will surged through his wand. The raw, untamed magic that flowed through him was powerful, but it was also unpredictable. He had to direct it, tame it.}
\par\plain {Before his eyes, a snake made of iron formed from the air around him. It hissed, a smooth, metallic sound. He could feel its energy, but it was controlled\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 calm, precise. It swayed in the air like a serpent, its sharp metallic body gleaming in the early light.}
\par\plain {Then, Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snake lunged toward his, its jaws snapping fiercely. Eddie\u8217\'92s iron snake responded, striking back with incredible force. The two snakes clashed, their bodies twisting and coiling, metal scraping against metal. Eddie focused, guiding the magic, making sure his snake stayed just one step ahead.}
\par\plain {In a sudden motion, Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snake opened its jaws wide and engulfed Walther\u8217\'92s, absorbing the magic, reducing it to nothing but a flickering, fading shimmer. The last remnants of Walther\u8217\'92s magic scattered into the air, fading like dust on the wind. The victory was quiet\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 controlled. The spell was less flashy than Walther\u8217\'92s, but it was effective. It was Eddie\u8217\'92s magic, and it was }{\f0\fs24\i1 his}{ to control.}
\par\plain {Eddie stood tall, his breath steady, as he watched Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s snake crumble into nothing. He felt a surge of relief. It was a subtle victory, but it felt significant. He didn\u8217\'92t need to unleash his full power. He had done it his way\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 calm, controlled, as Madeleine had taught him. He had stayed grounded, staying true to the lessons he had learned.}
\par\plain {Before Walther could make a move, a bell rang loudly in the distance, a sharp, clear sound that echoed through the air. The first class had started, signaling the end of their impromptu duel.}
\par\plain {As if some unseen force had paused the moment, both snakes halted their movements. Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s iron snake froze mid-coil, its body stiffening like a statue. Eddie\u8217\'92s iron serpent crumbled into fine dust, falling to the ground like a soft, metal rain. The brief, tense atmosphere between them softened, and for a moment, it was like nothing had happened.}
\par\plain {Walther, visibly frustrated, masked it with a forced smile, his words laced with an air of superiority. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not bad\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he said, his tone calculating, though his eyes betrayed his irritation. \u8220\'93But you\u8217\'92ll need more than that for the finals.\u8221\'94 He gave a half-hearted wave of his hand, as if dismissing the duel.}
\par\plain {Eddie stood silently, a mix of relief and confusion stirring inside him. He had done it his way. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t broken, hadn\u8217\'92t let the pressure take over. But Walther\u8217\'92s praise felt like a trap, something designed to make Eddie feel like he wasn\u8217\'92t enough.}
\par\plain {Walther, unfazed by the earlier tension, brushed off the duel like it was nothing more than a casual sparring session. "It was fun, wasn't it?" he said, his voice casual, as if they hadn't just tried to kill each other moments ago. "Meet me again next Sunday if you want another dueling session. I'm sure you have more things to show than that."}
\par\plain {Eddie didn't respond immediately, his thoughts swirling. Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words felt like a game\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a game with stakes Eddie couldn\u8217\'92t quite understand. But for now, all Eddie wanted was to leave this rooftop, to step away from the power that had surged through him and the chaos Walther seemed to revel in.}
\par\plain {He nodded slightly, his gaze distant. "Next Sunday," Eddie said, his voice steady but with a quiet edge to it. He turned and began to walk away, leaving Walther to stand alone on the rooftop, his words trailing behind like a distant echo.}
\par\plain {As Eddie descended the stairs, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but wonder what Walther truly saw in him. Was it just his magic? Or was there something more? He wasn\u8217\'92t sure, but for now, he had learned something important: control wasn\u8217\'92t about power. It was about knowing when to hold back, when to let go, and when to trust your instincts.}
\par\plain {And for the first time since arriving at Edenfield, Eddie felt like maybe, just maybe, he was starting to understand what that meant. }}