{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie, Torrie, Markus and Catherine continued their journey northward. Sea of tall green grass sways rhythmically as a gentle breeze carried the scent of sea from the shore. Their shadows stretched long and lean under the waning sunlight. The land ahead gradually sloped upward, and as they crested a small hill, the forest of Deep Glaive came into view.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At first glance, it seemed like just a newly planted tree farm. A scattered cluster of saplings, small bushes, and a few modestly sized trees lined the edge. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Markus stopped and glanced around his surroundings.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "This is it, ma\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92am?" he asked, glancing at Catherine. "The infamous Deep Glaive\u8230\'85 Doesn\u8217\'92t seem so... deep. Looks more like a glorified garden."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s because you\u8217\'92re standing on the shallow end," Catherine replied.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Shallow end? What\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s that supposed to mean?" Markus asked back}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "The Deep Glaive isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t an ordinary forest.\u8221\'94 Catherine said, turning toward him, gesturing to the trees ahead. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Illusory in nature, in a way. It mimics the ocean. The closer you stay to the edges, the smaller everything seems. But as you go deeper..." She trailed off, her gaze drifting to the horizon.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8230\'85 happens as we go deeper?" Markus frowned.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "The trees grow larger. The creatures more dangerous. The forest doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t just grow\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 it transforms," Catherine explained, her tone steady but laced with a hint of caution. "It\u8217\'92s why they call it the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Deep}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Glaive. You won\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t understand the depth of it until you\u8217\'92re in the deep end."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Great\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Markus sighed, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s... comforting to hear."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, Markus.\u8221\'94 Eddie said, patting his friend on the back, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure we\u8217\'92ll figure things out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If things go bad\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Eddie continued, \u8220\'93We have a certain Elf to sue.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Not funny, Edward.\u8221\'94 Catherine said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The group pressed onward, stepping into the forest\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s threshold. As they ventured deeper into the forest, the world around them grew quieter. Their footsteps and the distant calls of seabirds were the sounds they could hear. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The path they had been following gave way to a darker earth. The green swaying grasses disappear beneath layers of dark earth. The group began approaching the middle of the Deep Glaive. The sun was now just a sliver on the horizon, casting the last rays of daylight through the trees. As they drew nearer, the forest ahead seemed almost unremarkable\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 a large cluster of trees, their branches swaying gently in the evening breeze. But as they crossed the threshold into the forest, the air seemed to shift. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It became cooler, denser, and more damp. The small, trees and saplings they saw before had passed, now the trees are taller, bigger and thicker. Their trunks twists, and their canopies stretched higher into the sky that began to get covered more and more. The underbrush, once sparse, now teemed with strange, luminescent flora, casting an otherworldly glow on the path ahead.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie glanced at Markus, who was inspecting one of the emissive flowers clinging to a nearby trunk. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Do you feel something?" Eddie asked, his voice hushed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yeah\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85" Markus replied, brushing his fingers across the moss. "The air here is denser\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s like swimming."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s one weird way to put it\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Eddie said, \u8220\'93But I agree with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie trailed behind them. She looked up, craning her neck to take in the towering trees. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The barks of the trees spiraled skyward, their leaves forming an interwoven canopy so thick it blocked out the remnants of the sun light. Shadows danced across her freckled face, and her voice piped up, soft but curious. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Is it night already?" Torrie asked, looking around.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Not quite," Catherine said, who is in the front most of the group. Her apple-red hair shimmered faintly, catching the luminescence of the forest flora. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "The deeper we go, the larger the forest grows, remember?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 Catherine continued, \u8220\'93The Deep Glaive is not just a place, but a world within itself. Like the ocean, it swells with depth. The trees grow taller because we\u8217\'92re swimming deeper."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "So\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Torrie said as she looked around her, \u8220\'93Is it like we\u8217\'92re walking into... another layer of reality?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You can say it like that," Catherine said, stepping forward again. "The Deep Glaive is an ancient place, shaped by elven spells older than any of us. Even myself. It doesn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t follow the rules of the outside world."}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Older than you, huh?\u8221\'94 Eddie interjected, \u8220\'93This thing must be pre-historic.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Markus chuckled softly as he joined Catherine, tapping the flask on his belt. "And yet, here we are, bringing mundane supplies into a place like this. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s humbling, isn\u8217\'92t it?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As they ventured further, the luminescent plants grew brighter, painting the towering trees in hues of blue and green. The hum grew louder, joined by faint rustlings in the dense underbrush. Shadows flickered at the edges of their vision, always just appearing in his peripheral.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Are we in the center of the forest yet?" Torrie broke the silence.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Not quite," Catherine said, gesturing toward the dense wall of trees ahead. "But we will be at }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 The Gates}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  in a few moment."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "The Gates?" Torrie echoed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "The Gates to the forest\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s center.\u8221\'94 Catherine explained, \u8220\'93If you know where to look\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and what to do\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 you can open them. And lucky for you\u8230\'85 I just knew where to look and what to do."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "That is great Catherine but...\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 Eddie said as he adjusted the strap of his satchel and the rifle on his back, \u8220\'93How exactly do we \u8216\'91open\u8217\'92 them?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Follow me," Catherine said, Leading the way forward.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0}