{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wooden creak and clacking of horse hoofs filled the journey after Eddie, Torrie, Markus and Catherine boarded the carriage that agreed to take them to Gunther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Farm, that is the northernmost point the carriage is willing to take them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Scents of hay and the faint earthy breeze drifting through the open sides of the carriage. Eddie sat quietly, his gaze fixed on the passing fields, The rifle sat leaning on his shoulder. Catherine, ever the scholar, kept stealing glances at the weapon. Finally, her curiosity got the better of her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine then reaches her hand to touch one of the engravings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But as usual, Eddie swatter her hands away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Edward.\u8221\'94 Catherine sighed, \u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t I get just a little touch of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, Catherine.\u8221\'94 Eddie reminded, \u8220\'93Dad said so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Humph,\u8221\'94 Catherine said in mock pout, \u8220\'93Have it your way then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus and Torrie laughed at the exchange, but Catherine is far from over, she continued,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "But I've been meaning to ask about that flintlock of yours. It's not exactly what you see every day, especially for someone helping out at the apothecary." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It's more of a hand-me-down, I guess," he sighed, "Back when Weshaven was still full of Streamwyrms, Dad taught my brother Alfred how to use it. Alfred would go into the shore with the others and scare off anything too close to the Apothecary. Sometimes, he'd even shoot them if they were too bold." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Streamwyrms? What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 Torrie asked,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s those fishes coming out of the shores every August, remember? Sharp teeth, four legs, you were almost bitten by one last summer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh those!\u8221\'94 Torrie said, \u8220\'93But they are so cute, why did Alfred shoot them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No they aren\u8217\'92t cute, Torrie, they\u8217\'92re pest!\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie hissed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine tilted her head, her gaze flicking back to the rifle. "And now? I assume there aren't any Streamwyrms around anymore." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Not really," Eddie replied. "They still comes out of the shores every August, since Alfred\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not around, I takes his place, but honestly Markus was much more better shot than me, so I haven't had to use this thing in ages. Honestly, it's just been collecting dust." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So why bring it now?" Catherine pressed, a note of curiosity creeping into her tone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eh,\u8221\'94 Eddie shrugged. "Because it's cool." }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You just said that Robert asked you to take it.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine said}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s still cool nonetheless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since it\u8217\'92s oh so cool,\u8221\'94 Catherine said theatrically, \u8220\'93You would let me touch them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl360\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The carriage came to a slow, creaking halt in front of a farmstead, a modest property framed by sprawling fields and a weathered wooden fence. The farmhouse stood stoically against the horizon, its roof patched in places and its walls bearing the marks of years spent braving the elements. A few chickens scattered at the sound of the wheels stopping, clucking indignantly as the group prepared to step down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The driver gave the reins a gentle flick. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here we are. Gunther\u8217\'92s Farm. Northernmost point, just like I said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie was the first to hop off, his boots crunching against the dirt path as he turned to help Torrie down. She leaped with an exaggerated flourish, as if pretending she were dismounting a noble steed. Markus followed, stretching his arms and squinting at the farm with mild curiosity. Catherine climbed down last, brushing her red coat off with an air of elegance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 until the driver called out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right, miss. That\u8217\'92ll be two silver for the lot of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine froze mid-motion, her hand lingering in her pocket as she turned to the driver with a sheepish smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah\u8230\'85 I think\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The driver looked more unamused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 seem to have misplaced my coin satchel\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Catherine said, her voice uncharacteristically hesitant. She glanced back at the group. \u8220\'93Eddie, darling,\u8221\'94 she said, flashing an overly sweet smile. \u8220\'93Be a dear and lend me a bit, would you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked at Catherine, seemingly taken aback by her uncharastically sweet and regal tone.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What.\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Eddie said}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I misplaced my coin purse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You spent all your coins didn\u8217\'92t you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said I misplaced it. Happens to the best of us, you know.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie reluctantly dug into his pouch, fishing out two silver coins and handing them to the driver, who nodded in thanks and clicked his tongue to set the horses moving again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the carriage rolled away, Eddie turned to Catherine. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a master alchemist, and you don\u8217\'92t have }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 two silver}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to your name?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, \u8220\'93Also I\u8217\'92m not just a Master Alchemist, Edward. I\u8217\'92m a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Travelling}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Master Alchemist, and that is why I accepted that gig!.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I sometimes wonder how my younger self could even idolise you.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}