{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The morning sunlight streamed through the classroom windows, casting a warm glow over the rows of desks. Haruhi sat at her usual spot, her sketchbook open in front of her. Her pencil moved swiftly across the page, bringing to life a fantastical version of the classroom. Instead of her classmates, the desks were occupied by whimsical creatures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a fox with nine tails lounged in the corner, a dragon coiled around the teacher\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s podium, and a flock of tiny winged sprites flitted through the air. Haruhi\u8217\'92s lips curled into a small, smug smile as she added the finishing touches to a griffin perched on Aiko\u8217\'92s desk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko, sitting beside her, glanced over and raised an eyebrow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look unusually happy today,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone equal parts curious and suspicious. \u8220\'93Did something good happen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruhi didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look up, her pencil still moving across the page. \u8220\'93I submitted my Career Plan,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice light and sing-songy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, and she leaned closer. \u8220\'93You did?!\u8221\'94 she exclaimed, her voice a little too loud. A few heads turned in their direction, but Aiko didn\u8217\'92t seem to notice. \u8220\'93What did you pick?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruhi finally looked up, her smug smile widening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tokyo University,\u8221\'94 she said, pausing for dramatic effect. \u8220\'93Fine Arts program.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko stared at her, her mouth hanging open. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seriously?!\u8221\'94 she said, her voice a mix of excitement and disbelief. \u8220\'93Did your parents approve of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruhi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile didn\u8217\'92t waver. \u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 she said simply, turning back to her sketchbook.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko blinked, processing the information. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 what}{\f0\fs24\b0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she said, her voice rising an octave. \u8220\'93You submitted it without telling them? are you crazy?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruhi shrugged, her pencil still moving. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe. But it\u8217\'92s my future, not theirs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko leaned back in her chair, running a hand through her hair. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow. I mean, I knew you were stubborn, but this is next level. What are you going to do when they find out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruhi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile faltered for a moment, but she quickly recovered. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll deal with it when the time comes,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone casual. \u8220\'93For now, I\u8217\'92m just happy I finally made a decision.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko shook her head, but a grin spread across her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re unbelievable, you know that? But hey, I\u8217\'92m proud of you. It takes guts to go after what you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruhi chuckled, her smug expression softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks. That means a lot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The bell rang, signaling the start of class, and the room filled with the sound of shuffling papers and murmured conversations. Haruhi closed her sketchbook and tucked it into her bag, her mind already wandering to the future. For the first time in a long time, she felt like she was in control of her own destiny.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The school day had ended, and the hallways buzzed with the chatter of students heading to clubs, cram school, or home. Haruhi walked briskly toward the Art Club room, her bag slung over one shoulder and her sketchbook tucked under her arm. Aiko trailed behind her, trying to keep up while simultaneously prying more information out of her friend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 Aiko said, her tone a mix of exasperation and admiration, \u8220\'93I thought you\u8217\'92d at least talk with your parents and try to convince them, Haruhi. You know, like, make a PowerPoint presentation or something. \u8216\'91Top Ten Reasons Why I Should Go to Art School.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruhi smirked but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t slow her pace. \u8220\'93I talked with my mom,\u8221\'94 she said simply.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko raised an eyebrow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And your dad?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He wasn\u8217\'92t around,\u8221\'94 Haruhi replied, her voice casual. \u8220\'93But I don\u8217\'92t think he\u8217\'92d care.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko stopped in her tracks, her mouth dropping open. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 crazy}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she said, her voice rising. \u8220\'93Do you even hear yourself? Your dad\u8217\'92s, like, the CEO of a major company. Of course he\u8217\'92d care!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruhi paused and turned to face Aiko, her expression calm but firm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, he\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t around}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she repeated, emphasizing each word. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s never around. He\u8217\'92s too busy with work to care about what I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko stared at her, her usual playful demeanor replaced by genuine concern. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haruhi\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruhi sighed and looked away, her grip tightening on her sketchbook. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I know it sounds reckless, but I can\u8217\'92t keep waiting for their approval. If I do, I\u8217\'92ll never get to live my life. I have to take this step, even if it\u8217\'92s scary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko was silent for a moment, then she stepped forward and placed a hand on Haruhi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re braver than I\u8217\'92ll ever be,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice soft. \u8220\'93But just\u8230\'85 be careful, okay? Your parents aren\u8217\'92t exactly the forgiving type.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruhi nodded, a small smile tugging at her lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. But I\u8217\'92ll figure it out. I always do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Aiko grinned and punched her lightly on the arm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the spirit! Now, let\u8217\'92s get to the Art Club before someone steals all the good paintbrushes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruhi laughed, the tension in her chest easing slightly. As they continued down the hallway, she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but feel a sense of relief. For the first time in a long time, she felt like she was moving forward, even if the path ahead was uncertain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But as they turned the corner toward the Art Club room, Haruhi\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile faded slightly. She knew the real challenges were still to come. Her parents would find out about her decision eventually, and when they did, there would be no turning back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Still, she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but feel a flicker of hope. She had taken the first step, and that was something no one could take away from her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}