{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bus groaned. It buzzed faintly beneath the floorboards like a nest of bees, accompanied by the rhythmic squeaking of the old suspension every time they hit a bump.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The seats creaked whenever someone shifted their weight. Somewhere near the back, a bolt was loose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it rattled faintly with every turn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Overhead, the air conditioner wheezed out cool air in pitiful, uneven bursts. It clicked now and then, like it was trying to restart itself but kept giving up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The whole vehicle smelled faintly of dust and dried grass. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie sat near the window, his crutch propped beside him, fingers loosely gripping the handle. The metal of it was warm to the touch from sitting in the sunlight. His leg ached dully from the vibrations in the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a week after his admission to Edenfield Infirmary, the nurses decided to let him go, since he looked more fine than ever, (and with Ashley and Will visiting too often, it gets really rowdy) and so he did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Outside, the usual bustle of Edenfield gave way to open fields. The noise of city life\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the chatter of street vendors, the distant clanging of bells, the squeals of tram brakes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had long since faded, replaced by the subtle hum of wind brushing over fields.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He leaned against the cool windowpane and let his eyes drift to the hills outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yellow wildflowers dotted the landscape, swaying gently like dancers in a slow procession. He recognized them now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eden Flowers. Rare, beautiful. Rumored to be the city\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s namesake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie had read about them recently in a book Will tossed aside in their dorm room. They only grew on the eighth continent, and some believed they were the reason the city was called Edenfield. A field of paradise. A hopeful name, for a city so full of hidden things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The note crinkled faintly in his hand as he turned it over again.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 21st Norwood Street. Past the Campground. Edenfield Mythical Creature Sanctuary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s handwriting was neat, almost too neat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like every letter had been shaped with care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve ignored it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finals were over. Will was back to plucking wild solos on his electric guitar with the campus band. Ashley had thrown herself into her advocacy group again, fighting for student protections and probably brewing some conspiracy after everything that happened to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve gone back to the Book Pirates, argued about the latest book they\u8217\'92d smuggled in from the restricted section. He\u8217\'92d even drafted a rant about the plot holes in }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 The Alchemist\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Mirror}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And yet, here he was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because of a hunch? Because of that thing that chased him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 crawling on all fours with arms too long and a face that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look human?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or maybe because of }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 her}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He let out a slow breath and leaned his head against the window. The glass was warm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been patient with him. Even when she caught him that one time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 slipping a book from the library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who was he kidding?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was kind to everyone. That was just who she was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked outside again. The golden fields had started to thin. In their place, narrow rivers carved winding paths through the land, glinting in the sunlight like veins of silver. Trees\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tall, broad, and old\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 appeared more frequently now, rising from mossy rocks and thick underbrush. Their branches cast flickering shadows that danced across the windows as the bus rattled along the dirt path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The road dipped and groaned under the weight of the vehicle. Somewhere beneath Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seat, a loose panel clattered like it might fall off. Still, he kept his eyes forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bus finally creaked to a stop before a worn wooden cabin that sat nestled beneath a wide oak tree. A crooked sign swung gently in the breeze above the door.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Norwood Campgrounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked at the paper again, unfolding it like he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t memorized every inch of it.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 21st Norwood Street, past the campground.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Right}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 this must be it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a grunt, he pressed a hand to the metal frame of the seat in front of him and hoisted himself up. His leg protested instantly, a deep throb radiating from his thigh down to his ankle. He hissed through his teeth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The aisle felt narrower than usual. He shuffled past the rows of empty seats, his hand dragging along the backs of them for balance, his body swaying with the uneven ground beneath the bus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gravel crunched under his foot. The scent of pine hit him immediately\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 strong, earthy, and damp. Somewhere nearby, birds were chirping, and the wind whistled gently through the leaves like a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie took a few slow steps forward, scanning the area. Past the bus stop and Norwood Campgrounds cabin, there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just a scattering of wooden buildings, most of them locked up, a picnic table or two, and a lonely clothesline swaying in the breeze. Beyond that, just trees. Trees and shadows. Tall and thick, the kind that swallowed noise and direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned the note over in his hand again.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Past the campground,\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it said.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Past where?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Eddie thought. }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Left of the mossy rock? Right at the griffin statue?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He made his way toward one of the cabins where a man in green coveralls and a wide-brimmed hat was fiddling with a hose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excuse me,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, approaching. \u8220\'93Do you know where Edenfield Mythical Creature Sanctuary is? Should be somewhere near here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man scratched his chin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Creature Sanctuary?\u8221\'94 He turned his head and spat thoughtfully. \u8220\'93Think that\u8217\'92s north. Up past the creek. Or south, maybe. Can\u8217\'92t remember. My cousin swore he saw a griffin there once. Or a deer. Could\u8217\'92ve been a deer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. Thanks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He asked two more people\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one of them pointed down a trail that led nowhere, the other looked confused and said it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exist at all. Ten minutes passed. Maybe fifteen. He was sweating now, leaning heavier on his crutch, irritation mounting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He came to a slow stop by a large oak tree, breathing hard. His leg was sore, his shirt was sticking to his back, and he was starting to wonder if this had all been a mistake. Maybe Madeleine had been joking. Or testing him. Or maybe\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Edward!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The voice cut through the woods like a warm gust of air. He froze, eyes scanning the brush and the winding paths around him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Again, }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Edward!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned just in time to see a figure emerging between two trees\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 wavy red hair catching the sunlight like a flicker of fire, arms waving above her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She jogged toward him, boots thudding softly against the dirt path, a wide smile on her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You made it!\u8221\'94 she called, beaming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before he could say anything, Madeleine wrapped her arms around him in a tight hug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Agh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 bloody\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 my leg!\u8221\'94 Eddie winced, half-laughing, half-wheezing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine immediately pulled back, her eyes wide. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh no! I\u8217\'92m so sorry\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I didn\u8217\'92t know you were still healing!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He waved it off, trying to catch his breath. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, it\u8217\'92s fine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just\u8230\'85 It\u8217\'92s still there y\u8217\'92know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine frowned, looking genuinely guilty. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should\u8217\'92ve waited a few more days. Seriously. You didn\u8217\'92t have to come limping through the woods for this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What can I say, I couldn\u8217\'92t wait to see the dragons,\u8221\'94 Eddie said dryly, expecting an eye-roll or a sarcastic jab in return.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instead, Madeleine glanced ahead and replied, matter-of-factly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re currently under intensive care. One of them had a wing injury and the hatchling\u8217\'92s still in containment, so I\u8217\'92m afraid you won\u8217\'92t be able to see them today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie chuckled. Then paused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait\u8230\'85 you\u8217\'92re serious?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine looked at him with a raised brow, half-smiling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re in the Edenfield Mythical Creature Sanctuary, Eddie. Come on. You haven\u8217\'92t seen anything yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned and started walking again, parting the overgrown trail with her hands. Eddie followed, crutch tapping against root and soil.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They followed a narrow path through the woods, barely more than a trail beaten down by time and boots. The trees arched overhead like ancient guardians, their branches laced with moss, the sunlight filtering through in golden slants. The silence of the woods was complete\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 except for the occasional chirping of birds, the rustle of leaves, and now and then, a distant, eerie wail from deeper in the forest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie glanced toward the sound but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say anything for a while. Then, as they passed a moss-covered log, he finally asked, \u8220\'93So\u8230\'85 how long have you been doing this? The Sanctuary thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine stepped over a root before answering, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since my first year.\u8221\'94 Her voice was calm, nostalgic. \u8220\'93I signed up as a volunteer the moment I arrived in Edenfield. But to be honest, it started long before that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie raised an eyebrow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You grew up around magical creatures?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could say that,\u8221\'94 she said with a small laugh. \u8220\'93But not exactly, I was obsessed with them. Always reading about them. Drawing them. Pretending I had one hidden under my bed.\u8221\'94 She slowed her pace a little, eyes scanning the path ahead. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There was one time,\u8221\'94 She continued, \u8220\'93When I was maybe eight or nine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 me and two of my best friends were playing by the creek near my place. We stumbled on this injured hatchling. Tiny thing. Could barely stand. It must\u8217\'92ve gotten separated from its pack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie listened, the rhythmic thud of his crutch tapping the dirt between her words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We couldn\u8217\'92t tell our parents,\u8221\'94 she continued. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92d have made us give it up right away. Said it was too dangerous. So we took turns sneaking out food and blankets. One of us would always be on watch while the others fed it and tend to its wing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It took almost a year.\u8221\'94 She smiled, \u8220\'93But one day, it just stood up, flapped its wings, and took off. Just like that. No warning. No goodbye. Just gone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t that\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know\u8230\'85 Hurt?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 Madeleine asked back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Eddie said, \u8220\'93Taking care of something for almost a year. You must\u8217\'92ve grown attached to that thing, you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Some people say letting go is painful. But I didn\u8217\'92t feel that. It\u8217\'92s just that the feeling I felt finally seeing them fly again outweights the feeling I felt when they left. Seeing it soar\u8230\'85 If felt as if we did something good, and that was enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They walked in silence for a few more steps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked at her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a lot of heart for an eight-year-old.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t heart.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine smiled at him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was hope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They walked for some time, the path narrowing until it became little more than a trail of flattened leaves and twisted roots. Eventually, Madeleine veered off the track, motioning for Eddie to follow her. He hesitated for a moment, then sighed and limped after her into a quiet clearing surrounded by towering trees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the far end of the clearing stood two trees unlike any Eddie had seen before. They were impossibly tall, ancient, their gnarled trunks wide enough to fit a whole bus between them. Roots like thick ropes coiled at their bases, and their dark green canopies loomed high above the rest of the forest like silent sentinels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stood in the middle of the clearing, taking in the sheer scale of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine, meanwhile, walked toward the space between the trees. She paced to and fro in front of them, scanning the area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 Eddie called.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine squinted at the ground, then up at the trunks. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone must\u8217\'92ve closed the gate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned to him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you bring a wand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie scoffed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m an Alchemy student. We don\u8217\'92t really do wands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She winced. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. Of course. I don\u8217\'92t have mine either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a resigned sigh, Madeleine stepped up to one of the trees and began patting the bark, feeling around the grooves like someone searching for a hidden latch. After a few moments, she let out a soft \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah-ha!\u8221\'94 and pulled something free from a hollow in the bark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a staff\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 twisted wood woven into a lattice, with a simple, clouded crystal embedded at the top. The whole thing looked as if it had grown that way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine approached the first tree and tapped it once with the staff. Then she crossed over to the other and did the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, she returned to Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side, held the staff upright, and brought its base down against the earth with a soft }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 thunk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At first, nothing happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, high above, something stirred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked up just in time to see a thick branch from one tree curl inward like a bending arm. The other tree responded in kind. The two branches reached across the empty space between them and interlocked, forming a curved archway of living wood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And beneath that arch, the world changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where moments ago there had only been trees and brambles, now stood an open expanse of green fields stretching gently toward the horizon. A wooden fence traced the edge of a nearby pasture, and beyond it were low cabins with mossy roofs, a few smoke trails curling lazily from chimneys. The scent of hay and something vaguely sulfurous wafted from the invisible threshold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 new.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome to the Edenfield Mythical Creature Sanctuary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}