{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki walked out of the school building, her shoulders slumped and her steps slow. The sky above was painted in streaks of orange and magenta, the sun dipping low on the horizon and casting a warm, golden glow over the campus. Around her, students chattered excitedly, their laughter and voices filling the air as they finished their club activities and headed home. The atmosphere was lively, almost electric, but Haruki felt none of its energy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 To her, the world seemed muted, as if she were walking through a fog. The vibrant colors of the sunset blurred together, and the cheerful voices of her classmates sounded distant, like echoes from another life. She dragged her feet along the path, her schoolbag hanging heavily from her shoulder, its weight mirroring the burden in her chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The school gates loomed ahead, their iron frames casting long shadows across the ground. Haruki paused for a moment, staring at them as if they were a barrier she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bring herself to cross. Beyond the gates, the road stretched out, leading to the cabin that had become her temporary home. But tonight, it felt less like a refuge and more like a reminder of how far she was from everything she knew.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Just as she was about to step through the gates, a voice called out from behind her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Haruki-chan!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki turned, her heart sinking as she saw Nagano jogging toward her, his guitar slung over his shoulder and a carefree grin on his face. She hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t realized how close they had become over the past few weeks, but now his presence felt like a weight she couldn\u8217\'92t bear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94 Nagano asked, falling into step beside her as if nothing were wrong. \u8220\'93You look like you\u8217\'92ve seen a ghost.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond, her gaze fixed on the ground. She didn\u8217\'92t have the energy to pretend everything was fine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano, undeterred, continued talking. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anyway, me and the guys are planning something for next Saturday. We\u8217\'92re thinking of heading to the beach again. You should come! It\u8217\'92ll be fun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki shook her head, her voice lifeless. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, thank you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano blinked, his grin faltering. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoa, what\u8217\'92s with the attitude? You\u8217\'92re usually all over these kinds of things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer, her steps slowing as she tried to put distance between them. But Nagano wasn\u8217\'92t one to let things go so easily. He matched her pace, his tone shifting to one of concern. \u8220\'93Hey, seriously, what\u8217\'92s wrong? You\u8217\'92ve been acting weird all day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave me alone,\u8221\'94 Haruki mumbled, her voice barely audible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano chuckled, trying to lighten the mood. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Haruki-chan. You can\u8217\'92t just say that and expect me to drop it. What\u8217\'92s going on? Did someone say something to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stopped walking, her hands clenched into fists at her sides. She could feel the anger bubbling up inside her, a storm she could no longer contain. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said, leave me alone!\u8221\'94 she snapped, her voice sharp and trembling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano raised his hands in mock surrender, but his smile didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fade. \u8220\'93Alright, alright. No need to bite my head off. I\u8217\'92m just trying to help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help?\u8221\'94 Haruki echoed, her voice rising. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not helping! You\u8217\'92re just\u8230\'85 you\u8217\'92re just an inconsiderate, selfish person! You don\u8217\'92t care about anyone but yourself!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile vanished, replaced by a look of genuine confusion. \u8220\'93What are you talking about? What did I do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You hurt Honoka\u8217\'92s feelings!\u8221\'94 Haruki shouted, her voice cracking. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s been trying to talk to you for weeks, for months! Why didn\u8217\'92t you even try to notice her? Why didn\u8217\'92t you care?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano stared at her, his brow furrowed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honoka? Aoki Honoka? What are you talking about? I didn\u8217\'92t even know she felt that way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest tightened, her anger giving way to a crushing sense of despair. \u8220\'93You\u8230\'85 you didn\u8217\'92t even like her?\u8221\'94 she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano shrugged, his expression apologetic but honest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. I mean, she\u8217\'92s nice and all, but\u8230\'85 I didn\u8217\'92t even know she liked me. I don\u8217\'92t feel that way about her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki felt as if the ground had been ripped out from under her. All her efforts, all her plans\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they were for nothing. Her parents weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to get together. She wasn\u8217\'92t going to exist. The weight of that realization was too much to bear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In a burst of anger and frustration, Haruki shoved Nagano with all her strength. He stumbled backward, his guitar slipping from his shoulder as he fell to the ground. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93H-hey, what the\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 he stammered, his voice a mix of surprise and indignation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Idiot!\u8221\'94 Haruki bellowed, her voice raw with emotion. Before Nagano could say anything else, she turned and ran, her feet pounding against the pavement as tears streamed down her face.}{\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The world blurred around her as she ran, the orange and magenta streaks of the sunset smearing into a haze of color. Her chest burned with each breath, but she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop. She couldn\u8217\'92t stop. Not when the weight of her failure pressed down on her like a physical force.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She ran past the wooden shelter where she had once sat with Nagano, where she had listened to him talk about his dreams and his fears. The memory flashed in her mind\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his voice, soft and resigned, as he spoke about abandoning his music for the sake of his family. She had felt such empathy for him then, such understanding. But now, all she felt was anger\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at him, at herself, at the unfairness of it all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her feet carried her down the familiar road she and Honoka usually took home from school. The road where they had walked side by side, chatting about everything and nothing. Haruki hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t realized how much she had come to rely on those moments, on Honoka\u8217\'92s quiet presence and gentle smile. It had been almost a month now, and she had grown used to Honoka\u8217\'92s company, to the way she made even the most mundane days feel a little brighter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But now, that was gone. Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tearful plea echoed in her mind:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just stop it\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest tightened, and she ran faster, as if she could outrun the guilt and regret that chased her. What did Honoka think of her now? Did she hate her? Did she think Haruki had been playing some cruel joke on her all along? The thought made Haruki\u8217\'92s stomach churn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She ran and ran, her legs aching and her breath coming in ragged gasps, until finally, she reached the cabin. Matsuda wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t home yet, and the silence that greeted her felt oppressive, suffocating. Haruki slammed the door shut behind her and slumped against the wall, sliding down until she was sitting on the floor. She pulled her knees to her chest, shielding her face as she hugged them tightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The tears came then, hot and uncontrollable, streaming down her cheeks as she buried her face in her knees. Her shoulders shook with silent sobs, the weight of her failure crashing down on her all at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What have I done\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she thought, her mind spiraling. She had been so sure she could fix things, so determined to bring her parents together. But instead, she had only made everything worse. She had hurt Honoka, lashed out at Nagano, and now\u8230\'85 now she had doomed not only herself but her parents\u8217\'92 future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The realization hit her like a punch to the gut. If Nagano didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t love Honoka, if they didn\u8217\'92t get together\u8230\'85 then Haruki would never exist. Her entire life, her memories, her family\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all of it would be erased, as if it had never been. And it was all her fault.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She thought of her parents in the present\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her stern, distant father and her kind but weary mother. She thought of the fights, the misunderstandings, the moments of quiet love that had kept their family together despite everything. And she thought of the younger versions of them she had come to know in this time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Nagano, with his dreams of music, and Honoka, with her quiet strength. They were so different from the people she knew, and yet, in some ways, they were exactly the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But now, because of her, they would never become the people she knew. They would never become her parents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sobs grew louder, her body trembling as she hugged her knees tighter. She felt so small, so helpless. She had tried so hard, and yet it hadn\u8217\'92t been enough. It would never be enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The cabin was silent except for the sound of her crying, the walls closing in around her. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how long she sat there, lost in her thoughts and regrets. But eventually, the tears slowed, and her breathing evened out. She wiped her face with her sleeve, her eyes red and swollen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to do next. She didn\u8217\'92t know if there was anything she\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 could}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~do. But as she sat there, staring at the floor, a flicker of determination sparked within her. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t give up. Not yet. Not when so much was at stake.}}