{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s boots clicked softly on the stone path as she crossed the campus grounds, the foggy air curling around her like ghostly ribbons. Her scarf was pulled tight around her neck, and she buttoned her coat all the way up, her gloved hands tucked into her sleeves to fend off the creeping cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lamplight from the faculty buildings spilled in golden puddles onto the walkway, but the rest of Edenfield was dim and quiet\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 students tucked away in their dorms or libraries, the hum of campus life reduced to stillness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She reached the bus stop at the edge of the quad, where the wrought-iron sign swayed slightly in the breeze. The enchanted schedule flickered faintly, glowing with runes that shifted to show }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Aetherell Reach \endash  6 min.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a quiet sigh, Madeleine sat down on the bench, the cold seeping through the wooden slats. She leaned back and let her head tilt toward the sky, watching her breath fog in the moonlight. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her gaze drifted out across the empty road, unfocused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But her thoughts didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stay still for long. They circled back\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 inevitably\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to her conversation with Professor Hudson.\line \line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Military alchemist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The words rattled in her thoughts. Professor Hudson\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Gareth Hudson}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had been a soldier. A Military Alchemist. A man who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d trained cadets at\~Crownstead Academy, where the kingdom\u8217\'92s most lethal alchemists were forged. How had she never known?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 No wonder he locks lecture doors at the first bell. No wonder his grading feels like a tribunal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And his daughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath fogged in the moonlight. If the girl had vanished before ever attending Edenfield, she must\u8217\'92ve been young. Twelve? Thirteen? The age when kids still pressed flowers into books and dreamed of working with gryphons.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Had Hudson searched for her? Had he turned his alchemy toward something darker in his grief?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Stop.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~She shook her head. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d volunteered beside him for two years\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 watched him soothe a newborn hippogriff with hands steady as a surgeon\u8217\'92s, heard him mutter corrections to first-years with more patience than they deserved. The man she knew was strict, yes, but not\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Not what?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A gust of wind hissed through the trees. The lamplights flickered, painting the path ahead in erratic gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The nickname some students used for him suddenly made sense, her classmates used to call him }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Sergeant}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d always assumed it was just for his drillmaster demeanor. Now, she wondered if they\u8217\'92d known more than she did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her steps slowed near the bus stop. The wrought-iron sign creaked in the wind, the enchanted schedule flashing\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Aetherell Reach \endash  6 min}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She sat heavily on the bench, the cold seeping through her coat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 How much do we really know about anyone?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson with his military past and missing child. Walther with his too-precise knowledge of tiger anatomy and those\~}{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 surgical scars}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~on his wrists.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her hand drifted to her satchel, where the sketch of the chimaera lay hidden.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Two men with secrets. Two men who\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d stared at that drawing like it was a ghost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bus loomed in the distance, its windows glowing like a beacon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still, something didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sit right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She sat up straighter, her fingers curling against her knees. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Wait.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two things clicked. Then three. Then four.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught in her throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Research\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 deep anatomical knowledge\u8230\'85 access to vulnerable populations\u8230\'85 a strange, cold fascination with a creature that shouldn\u8217\'92t exist\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her hand flew to her satchel, as if instinctively checking her sketches were still there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her face slowly paled, lips parting slightly as a horrible thought took shape. Not fully formed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but enough to cast a shadow over everything she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been trying to ignore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Could it be?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 No. No, that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s insane\u8230\'85}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  she told herself. But her gut didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t agree. Her heart was thudding now, dull and fast beneath her scarf. The pieces didn\u8217\'92t fit perfectly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but they sat too close not to touch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wind picked up again, rustling the trees behind the shelter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine stared ahead, her eyes wide, her breath held.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bus rolled up in the distance. But she no longer felt the comfort of home awaiting her. Only a hollow, rising dread.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The hands clamped on Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arms weren\u8217\'92t painful, but they were firm, unyielding. A wall of muscle flanked him on either side, their matching Student Council armbands stark against their dark jackets. They marched him down the silent, echoing corridors of the Alchemy Faculty building, his recently healed ankle feeling fine but offering no chance of a successful escape. He\u8217\'92d been so close. A few more minutes with Hudson\u8217\'92s files and he might have found something. Instead, he\u8217\'92d found them.}
\par\plain {He tried for a disarming grin, a tactic that rarely worked but was better than silence.}
\par\plain {"Come on, guys," Eddie said, his voice echoing slightly in the empty hall. "How do you know I was snooping around the professor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office? How do you know that maybe Professor Hudson didn't just send me to his office to fetch him the stuff he forgot?"}
\par\plain {The council member on his right, a boy with a neck as thick as a tree trunk, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even look at him. "You are not his lecture assistant," he said, his voice a flat monotone. "You shouldn't have access to his office to begin with."}
\par\plain {"Well, I know, I know," Eddie pressed on, trying to keep his tone light. "But what if I'm his favourite student? Shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you think I have access then?"}
\par\plain {"It doesn't matter," said the one on the left. "You broke curfew, and you were in a place where you don't belong."}
\par\plain {The first one added the final nail to the coffin. "And also, you are Edward Welton." The way he said the name made it sound like a pre-existing condition. "This is your third warning. Your last warning." He steered Eddie toward the grand staircase leading to the administrative wing. "Victoria wants to see you."}
\par\plain {Eddie let out a sigh, the fight draining out of him. Victoria Aynesworth, head of the Student Council and a stickler for rules so rigid they made Hudson look laid-back. This was bad.}
\par\plain {"Oh, great," he muttered, then added with a layer of sarcasm thick enough to cut with a knife, "Can't wait to see her."}
\par\plain {The two students marched him up the grand staircase and down a corridor lined with portraits of past university deans whose painted eyes seemed to follow him with stern disapproval. They stopped before a set of imposing double doors carved from dark oak. One of the guards pushed a door open, revealing the Student Council room.}
\par\plain {It looked less like an office and more like a judge\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s private chambers. A vaulted ceiling disappeared into shadows high above, the walls were lined with dark wood paneling, and the air was still and cold. A single, massive desk stood on a raised dais at the far end of the room, stark and empty. It didn\u8217\'92t surprise Eddie in the slightest.}
\par\plain {He was guided to a lone wooden chair positioned in the center of the floor and sat down, the guards retreating to stand impassively by the door. It was well past midnight; he hadn't expected anyone to be here, least of all the Council Head herself. He was wrong.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where did you find him this time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The voice was sharp, cutting through the silence from the shadowed corner of the room. It was Victoria.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Professor's room,\u8221\'94 the guard on the right reported, his voice flat. \u8220\'93He was caught going through Professor Gareth Hudson's personal files.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And the two others?\u8221\'94 Victoria\u8217\'92s voice was coolly analytical. \u8220\'93Have you checked? He never goes alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was alone this time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice cut across the room, firm and clear, startling the guard who had begun to answer. He didn't look at them; he stared directly into the shadows where she was hidden. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t have to worry about Will and Ashley. I went alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A beat of silence hung in the cavernous room. Then, the sound began\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the sharp, deliberate clack of heels against the cold stone floor. A figure started to emerge from the darkness, moving with unhurried purpose. As she stepped into the faint light spilling from the hallway, her form was revealed.}
\par\plain {She was dressed in a dark tweed blazer over a pristine collared shirt and a pleated skirt that fell exactly to her knees. Her blonde hair was pulled back in a severe, intricate braid, not a single strand out of place. She was posh, precise, and carried an air of authority that made the two brutes by the door seem like mere decoration.}
\par\plain {She stopped a few feet in front of his chair, her gaze level and unnervingly direct.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 she said, a faint, unreadable smile touching her lips. \u8220\'93Edward Welton, isn\u8217\'92t it? I\u8217\'92m glad we finally met.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze was sharp, analytical, as if she were examining a particularly curious but troublesome specimen. One of the guards by the door stepped forward, his shadow falling over Eddie.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your phone and staff,\u8221\'94 the guard said, his voice a low rumble. He gestured to a small, empty table across the room. \u8220\'93On the table. Now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened. They were disarming him. It was a clear message: they knew he was more than just a common rule-breaker. With a defiant slowness, he reached into his jacket, pulled out the collapsible length of his alchemy staff and the sleek black rectangle of his phone, and walked them over to the designated table. The click of the staff settling on the polished wood sounded unnervingly final. He returned to his chair feeling distinctly more vulnerable.}
\par\plain {As he sat, Victoria began to move, her heels making sharp, deliberate clicks on the stone floor as she started to circle him. In her hands, she held a clipboard, a single sheet of paper clipped neatly to its surface.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve become something of a celebrity this term, Welton,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice a cool, even tone that offered no hint of her thoughts. \u8220\'93A recurring topic of discussion in our weekly disciplinary meetings.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She paused behind him, forcing him to sit rigidly still, every nerve on edge.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s review, shall we?\u8221\'94 she continued, the rustle of the paper unnaturally loud in the silence. \u8220\'93First, there was the incident in the main library after curfew. A simple warning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Her footsteps continued their measured circuit.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then, the unauthorized removal of a text from the restricted section. A second, more severe warning.\u8221\'94 She stopped in his peripheral vision, tapping the paper with a perfectly manicured nail. \u8220\'93And now tonight. Breaking into a professor\u8217\'92s private office and going through his personal files.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She completed her circle, coming to a stop in front of him once more. She lowered the clipboard, her gaze finally locking onto his.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looking at this record,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone laced with a kind of detached curiosity, \u8220\'93a clear pattern of escalation\u8230\'85 I find myself wondering, Welton. I wonder why I haven't simply forwarded this to the Faculty Dean and been done with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The question hung in the air, a threat veiled as a musing. Eddie swallowed, his mind racing for an excuse, a plausible lie\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 anything.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look,\u8221\'94 he started, trying to sound reasonable. \u8220\'93It was a simple mistake. Professor Hudson asked me to fetch a book from his office. He\u8217\'92d forgotten it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Victoria didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even blink. She flipped a page on her clipboard with a soft rustle. \u8220\'93Professor Hudson began a three-day personal leave this evening. An official notice was posted.\u8221\'94 She looked up at him, her eyes cold and dissecting. \u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re going to lie, Welton, you should at least study your subject before speaking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He felt his face flush, his excuse crumbling into dust. He opened his mouth to conjure something else, anything else, but she cut him off with a raised hand.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before you invent another fabrication,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone shifting from condescending to severe, \u8220\'93let\u8217\'92s discuss a more serious matter. It\u8217\'92s come to my attention that you\u8217\'92ve been contacting local political groups within Edenfield, trying to acquire information.\u8221\'94 She paused, letting the weight of the new accusation land. \u8220\'93This is strictly forbidden. Students are permitted to join university advocacy groups. Contact with external political bodies is prohibited to avoid conflicts of interest with the Crown. You know this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {This time, Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lie. The truth came out, raw and urgent. \u8220\'93Because there is something happening in this city! Something wrong. And I am trying to find out what the hell is going on before something worse happens!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {-o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bus hissed to a stop at the edge of Aetherell Reach. Madeleine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wait for the doors to fully open before stepping down. She didn\u8217\'92t thank the driver\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a small, almost sacred courtesy she }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 never}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  forgot. But tonight, it slipped her completely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her boots hit the pavement. Cold air bit at her cheeks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She moved fast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine spotted the phone booth at the corner just beyond the wrought-iron fence, tucked beneath a flickering lantern. She broke into a brisk jog, her satchel thudding against her side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The glass door rattled in her grip. She shoved it open and stepped inside, heart pounding. The booth smelled of damp copper and dust, the glass fogged from the cold. Her breath ghosted across the surface as she picked up the receiver with fingers that wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop shaking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She slipped a coin into the slot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dialled the number from memory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ring buzzed against her ear. Once. Twice.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 C\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92mon, Eddie. Please pick up.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know }{\f0\fs24\i1 nothing}{ about Edenfield!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Victoria\u8217\'92s voice lost its icy control, sharpening with sudden, fierce anger. Her posh accent became clipped and brittle. \u8220\'93You are a first-year. An outsider. A foreigner from the \u8216\'91Outside World\u8217\'92 who waltzes in and presumes to understand the delicate balance of a city you have barely lived in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She stepped closer, her knuckles white where she gripped her clipboard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have no idea what is happening here. You don\u8217\'92t know that the King himself has us monitor student activity across all universities to keep people like you }{\f0\fs24\i1 safe}{. You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know that if I fail\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if the Council fails to keep radical elements in line\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the Royal Emissary takes over our duties.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Her voice was low and intense now, a furious torrent. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that what you want, Welton? The Student Council may be strict, but it is led by your peers. What happens when the King\u8217\'92s direct rule makes the law? Do you think you would be more free then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {As she lectured, her words washing over him, Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s focus began to drift. His eyes slid past her, toward the small table across the room where his phone lay.}
\par\plain {It lit up.}
\par\plain {The screen cast a faint blue glow on the polished wood. It began to buzz, the silent vibration a frantic, urgent pulse in the quiet room. From this distance, he could just make out the name on the screen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Madeleine.}
\par\plain {A spike of pure adrenaline shot through him, cold and sharp. His stomach dropped. Madeleine never called. Never. She texted, sent notes, left messages. A call meant something was wrong. Terribly wrong. Is she alright? Is she hurt?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Look at me when I\u8217\'92m speaking to you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sharp command snapped his head back around. Her eyes were blazing. Outwardly, Eddie forced his expression into one of cowed submission, but inwardly, his mind was a whirlwind. Madeleine was in trouble. He could feel it. Whatever lecture Victoria was spewing, whatever threats she made about expulsion, it was all just noise now. He had to get out.}
\par\plain {He remembered the ring. The cool, smooth jade Catherine had given him long ago, worn on a leather cord under his shirt. Not just a keepsake, but a conduit. A focus for his alchemy that didn't require a staff. He still had a way out.}
\par\plain {As Victoria began to circle him again, her monologue resuming its sharp, clipped cadence, Eddie began his work. He kept his eyes fixed on her, nodding at what seemed like the right moments, but his right hand moved with slow, deliberate stealth beneath his jacket. His fingers brushed past his shirt, searching. There. The cool, familiar weight of the ring. He closed his fingers around it, focusing his will, picturing the dense, solid molecules of the stone floor.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85and that is why we cannot tolerate this kind of reckless behavior,\u8221\'94 Victoria concluded, stopping directly in front of him again, her posture radiating smug satisfaction. \u8220\'93Do you understand, Welton? The situation that you\u8217\'92re in?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie let a beat pass, then looked up, forcing a weak, defeated smile. He let go of the ring. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Um, yeah. I guess so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perfect,\u8221\'94 Victoria said, mistaking his distraction for acquiescence. \u8220\'93Although this is your third warning, I will first speak to your dorm captain regarding your punishment. You will be confined to your dorm for three days to think about what you\u8217\'92ve done\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She stopped mid-sentence, her brow furrowing in confusion. A strange pulling sensation arrested her movement.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 She looked down. Her polished leather shoes had sunk into the flagstones up to her ankles. It wasn\u8217\'92t mud; the stone itself seemed to have softened like clay, gripping her feet in an unyielding hold.}
\par\plain {With a newfound calm, Eddie stood up and waltzed over to the table, collecting his smartphone and collapsible staff.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoops, sorry folks,\u8221\'94 he said cheerfully, not looking back at her. \u8220\'93That was a nice talk, Victoria, but I\u8217\'92m afraid someone is calling me, so I gotta go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey!\u8221\'94 she shouted, struggling to free her leg to no avail. She turned to her guards. \u8220\'93You two! Get him!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The two brutes lunged forward, only to stop dead with grunts of surprise. They looked down to discover their own boots were similarly submerged, trapping them where they stood.}
\par\plain {Eddie was already at the grand window, unlatching it and pushing it open. The cold night air rushed in. He looked back over his shoulder, a wide, sarcastic grin on his face, and gave them a little wave.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll pay for this, Welton!\u8221\'94 Victoria screamed, her voice a mixture of fury and disbelief.}
\par\plain {Eddie just jumped.}
\par\plain {For a terrifying second, he fell, before he focused his will. The ornate stone bricks on the outer wall rippled. A section directly beneath his feet bulged outward, forming a small, solid platform that caught him gently. Like a silent elevator, it smoothly lowered him two stories to the frost-covered lawn below.}
\par\plain {He landed without a sound and, without looking back, sprinted into the night.}}