{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda sighed, her hands on her hips as she surveyed the cottage. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gosh, Haruki, you are a mess! What have you done to my cottage?\u8221\'94 she complained, gesturing to the scratches and dents on the back door. \u8220\'93Did you try to pry it open on the inside too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki winced, her cheeks flushing with embarrassment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I-I\u8217\'92m sorry! I just wanted to go back, you know? I never would\u8217\'92ve thought this was yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~mine!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Matsuda said, her tone indignant as she moved to the small stove in the corner of the room. She filled a kettle with water and set it to boil, her movements brisk but precise. \u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t you see the names anywhere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki hesitated, her brow furrowing as she tried to recall. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It says\u8230\'85 Matsuko,\u8221\'94 she said slowly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Matsuda replied, her voice softening as she turned to face Haruki. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s my new name.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki blinked, confusion written all over her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your\u8230\'85 new name?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or Matsuko, as she now called herself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pulled out two teacups and placed them on the small wooden table. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer right away, instead focusing on preparing the tea. The kettle began to whistle, and she poured the steaming water into a teapot, the scent of chamomile filling the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Finally, she placed a steaming cup of tea in front of Haruki and sat down across from her, cradling her own cup in her hands. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 a long story, Haruki,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone more serious now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stared at her, her mind racing with questions. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But\u8230\'85 why? Why change your name? And why are you here? How long have you been here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda took a slow sip of her tea, her expression thoughtful. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One question at a time, Haruki-chan. You\u8217\'92re going to give me a headache.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki flushed again, realizing she had been firing off questions like a machine gun. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry,\u8221\'94 she muttered, wrapping her hands around the warm teacup.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda chuckled, the sound warm and familiar. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s okay. I get it. You\u8217\'92re confused, scared, and probably a little overwhelmed. Trust me, I\u8217\'92ve been there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki looked up at her, her eyes wide. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 Matsuda said, leaning back in her chair. \u8220\'93Do you think I just woke up one day and decided to live in a creepy old cottage in the middle of nowhere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but laugh, the sound surprising even herself. \u8220\'93I guess not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She hesitated for a moment, then asked the question that had been burning in her mind since Matsuda revealed her identity. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Matsuda-senpai\u8230\'85 how did you end up here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda paused, her fingers tightening around her teacup. She looked at Haruki, her expression thoughtful, as if deciding how much to share. Finally, she set the cup down and leaned back in her chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you remember my graduation?\u8221\'94 Matsuda asked, her voice soft. \u8220\'93When I gathered the Arts Club members for that farewell party in the club room?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki nodded, the memory coming back to her in vivid detail. She remembered how Matsuda had been the heart of the club, her passion for art inspiring everyone around her. She remembered the laughter, the music, the way Matsuda\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes had lit up when she announced her acceptance to Tokyo University\u8217\'92s Fine Arts program. It had been a moment of pure joy, a celebration of all they had accomplished together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I remember,\u8221\'94 Haruki said, a small smile tugging at her lips. \u8220\'93You were so excited. We all were.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile was bittersweet. \u8220\'93Yeah. I was excited. But\u8230\'85 I never got to go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile faded, replaced by a look of confusion. \u8220\'93What do you mean? You were accepted, weren\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was,\u8221\'94 Matsuda said, her voice tinged with regret. \u8220\'93But my parents\u8230\'85 they didn\u8217\'92t approve. They said it was too expensive, that life in Tokyo would be too hard. They told me the job prospects were unstable, that I\u8217\'92d be throwing my future away.\u8221\'94 She sighed, her gaze dropping to the table. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest tightened. It did sound familiar\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 painfully so. It was the same argument she had had with her parents, the same fears and doubts thrown back at her. The realization hit her like a punch to the gut. Matsuda had been through the same thing. She had faced the same struggles, the same heartbreak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8230\'85 what did you do?\u8221\'94 Haruki asked, her voice barely above a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression darkened, and for a moment, she didn\u8217\'92t answer. Then, slowly, she began to speak. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I ran away. I couldn\u8217\'92t take it anymore\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the arguments, the pressure, the feeling that no one believed in me. So I left. I didn\u8217\'92t know where I was going, but I ended up at an abandoned house. I thought I\u8217\'92d just stay there for the night, figure things out in the morning. But when I woke up\u8230\'85 everything had changed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught in her throat. \u8220\'93You\u8230\'85 you traveled back in time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda nodded, her eyes distant. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Just like you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She took a sip of her tea, her expression thoughtful. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I also went to school here,\u8221\'94 she continued, her voice calm but tinged with curiosity. \u8220\'93And I met my own parents\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the younger versions of the Matsudas. It was\u8230\'85 strange, to say the least.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93You did? What were they like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda chuckled softly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Young. Naive. Completely unaware of who I was, of course. But that\u8217\'92s not the weirdest part.\u8221\'94 She set her teacup down and leaned forward, her gaze intense. \u8220\'93When I checked the school records, I found something that didn\u8217\'92t make sense. There was a record of Yaeko Matsuda\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 my name\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 from 1960. As if I had always been here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught in her throat. \u8220\'93That\u8230\'85 that\u8217\'92s impossible. You shouldn\u8217\'92t even have been born yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly,\u8221\'94 Matsuda said, her voice low. \u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m guessing you\u8217\'92ve noticed something similar, haven\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki nodded slowly, her mind racing. She had seen her own name in the school records too, listed as a student. At the time, she had brushed it off as a strange coincidence, but now\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 now it felt like something more. Something deliberate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does it mean?\u8221\'94 Haruki asked, her voice trembling. \u8220\'93Why are our names here? Why are we here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda leaned back in her chair, her expression serious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve spent a lot of time reading the books and journals in this cabin, trying to figure that out. And I\u8217\'92ve come to one conclusion.\u8221\'94 She paused, her eyes locking onto Haruki\u8217\'92s. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have to get your parents together before the end of summer. Otherwise, the door will close forever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart skipped a beat. The words hit her like a thunderclap, sending a jolt of realization through her. Of course. It made sense now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 why she had been brought here, why she had met the younger versions of her parents. This wasn\u8217\'92t just about understanding them or reconciling with the past. This was about changing it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If they don\u8217\'92t get together,\u8221\'94 Haruki said slowly, her voice barely above a whisper, \u8220\'93then\u8230\'85 I won\u8217\'92t exist. Is that what you\u8217\'92re saying?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda nodded, her expression grim. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly. And if the door closes before you can make it happen, you\u8217\'92ll be stuck here. Just like me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest tightened at the words. \u8220\'93What do you mean, \u8216\'91just like you\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94 she asked, her voice trembling. \u8220\'93Are you\u8230\'85 stuck here forever?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda sighed, her gaze drifting to the window. The moonlight streamed in, casting a soft glow over her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 she said quietly. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been here for two years now. I arrived when you were still a first-year remember?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93Two years? But\u8230\'85 how? What happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda leaned back in her chair, her expression distant. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Back then, I had the same chance you do now. I was supposed to make sure my parents met and fell in love before the end of summer. But\u8230\'85 I failed. Summer passed, and they never got together. And in this timeline, there will never be a \u8216\'91Yaeko Matsuda\u8217\'92 because I was never born.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught in her throat. The weight of Matsuda\u8217\'92s words settled over her like a heavy blanket. \u8220\'93So\u8230\'85 you\u8217\'92re just\u8230\'85 gone? In the future?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda nodded, her smile bittersweet. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Poof. Like I never existed.\u8221\'94 She paused, then added, \u8220\'93But life goes on, you know? I graduated here, in this time. I found work as a painter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 advertisements, magazines, even galleries sometimes. It\u8217\'92s not the life I imagined, but\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s mine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stared at her, her mind racing. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t imagine what it must be like to lose everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 your family, your friends, your entire existence\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and still find a way to move forward. \u8220\'93Do you\u8230\'85 do you miss it?\u8221\'94 she asked softly. \u8220\'93The present, I mean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda was silent for a long moment, her fingers tracing the rim of her teacup. Finally, she spoke, her voice calm but tinged with sadness. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I used to. Every day. But\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92ve let it go. I\u8217\'92m a new person now. A painter. It\u8217\'92s what I\u8217\'92ve always wanted, even if it\u8217\'92s not how I thought it would happen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She looked up at Haruki, her eyes steady. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And if I ever want to see my time again, I just have to wait fifty years. It\u8217\'92s not so bad, really. I\u8217\'92ve made a life here. A good one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest ached at the words. She wanted to say something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to tell Matsuda how brave she was, how strong\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but the words stuck in her throat. Instead, she reached out and placed a hand on Matsuda\u8217\'92s arm, her touch gentle but firm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re amazing, Matsuda-senpai,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice trembling. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know if I could do what you\u8217\'92ve done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda smiled, her eyes softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re stronger than you think, Haruki-chan. And you still have a chance. Don\u8217\'92t waste it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki nodded, her resolve hardening. She wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let Matsuda\u8217\'92s fate become her own. She would do whatever it took to make sure her parents got together, to make sure she had a future to return to.}}