{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Dad?\u8221\'94 he repeated, }{\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grin faltered, replaced by a look of confusion.  his tone incredulous. \u8220\'93What are you talking about? I\u8217\'92m not your dad.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki shook her head, trying to clear the fog in her mind. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I mean\u8230\'85 you\u8217\'92re\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She trailed off, unsure how to explain. How could she tell him that she was his daughter from the future? He would never believe her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano tilted his head, studying her with a mixture of curiosity and concern. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you feeling okay?\u8221\'94 he asked. \u8220\'93You look like you\u8217\'92ve seen a ghost.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki forced a weak smile, though her heart was still racing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m fine,\u8221\'94 she said, though her voice betrayed her. \u8220\'93I just\u8230\'85 I think I need to sit down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano nodded, his easygoing demeanor returning. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, let\u8217\'92s find a place to sit. You look like you\u8217\'92ve had a rough morning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As they walked, Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind was a whirlwind of emotions. She had found her father\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or rather, the boy who would one day become her father. But he was so different from the man she knew. So\u8230\'85 alive. So full of life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And yet, the thought of what lay ahead for him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 for both of them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 filled her with a deep, aching sadness. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how, but she had to find a way to change things. To make sure that the boy in front of her didn\u8217\'92t lose the light in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But for now, all she could do was follow him, her heart heavy with the weight of the future.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki sat on a piece of concrete pipe, her legs dangling as she watched the boys play a makeshift game of baseball. There were four of them, their laughter loud and carefree as they swung bats and chased after the ball. Nearby, four motorcycles were parked, their sleek designs a stark contrast to the simplicity of the game.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The girl sitting next to her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a cheerful, dark-haired girl with a bright smile\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 handed her a carton of apple juice. Haruki took it, glancing at the unfamiliar brand name before sticking the straw in and taking a sip. It was sweet and refreshing, a small comfort in the midst of her confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The girl opened her mouth to start a conversation, but Haruki interrupted her, her words slightly muffled by the straw in her mouth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you turned out to be Honoka Fujiyama\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m going to lose my mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The girl blinked, her brow furrowing in confusion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honoka Fujiyama?\u8221\'94 she repeated. \u8220\'93You mean Honoka Aoki from Class 1A?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki froze, the carton of juice halfway to her mouth.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Aoki.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~That was her mother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s maiden name. Of course. Her mother hadn\u8217\'92t taken her father\u8217\'92s surname yet. She was still Honoka Aoki in this time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The girl tilted her head, studying Haruki with a curious expression. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your name, by the way? I\u8217\'92m Sakura Emasu.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki hesitated, her mind racing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haruki\u8230\'85 Haruki Fujiyama,\u8221\'94 she said finally, her voice quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sakura\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened in surprise. \u8220\'93Oh, are you and Naga-kun related?\u8221\'94 she asked, gesturing toward Nagano, who was currently arguing with one of the other boys over a questionable call.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stared at her, her frustration bubbling to the surface. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how to answer that question. Was she related to him? Technically, yes. But how could she explain that to someone who had no idea about the future\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 about who Nagano would become, about who\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 she}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~was?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Without a word, Haruki stood up, crumpled the empty juice carton in her hand, and threw it toward a nearby trash can. It missed, bouncing off the rim and landing on the ground. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know!\u8221\'94 she said, her voice tinged with frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sakura blinked, taken aback by Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s outburst. \u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85 okay,\u8221\'94 she said slowly, her tone cautious. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t have to get mad about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki sighed, running a hand through her hair. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not mad,\u8221\'94 she said, though her voice still carried an edge. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just\u8230\'85 confused.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sakura studied her for a moment, then shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if you say so. But you know, Naga-kun\u8217\'92s a good guy. If you\u8217\'92re related, you\u8217\'92re lucky.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond. She just sat back down, her eyes fixed on Nagano as he laughed and joked with his friends. He was so different from the man she knew\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so carefree, so full of life. It was hard to believe that this was the same person who would one day become her stern, distant father.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As she watched him, a strange mix of emotions swirled inside her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 frustration, sadness, and a flicker of something she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite name. Hope, maybe. Or determination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how she had ended up here, or why, but she knew one thing for sure: she wasn\u8217\'92t going to waste this chance. She was going to find out what had happened to her parents\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 these}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~versions of them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and maybe, just maybe, she could change things.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As they hung out, the faint sound of a bell echoed in the distance, cutting through the laughter and chatter. One of the boys\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a tall, lanky kid with a mischievous grin\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shouted, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the class bell! Let\u8217\'92s go!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The others scrambled into action, quickly packing up their baseball gear and rushing toward their motorcycles. Nagano slung his glove over his shoulder and jogged toward his bike, his movements quick and practiced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93C\u8217\'92mon, let\u8217\'92s go! The class is starting!\u8221\'94 Sakura called, already running toward one of the motorcycles. Haruki hesitated for a moment, then followed, her heart pounding as she tried to keep up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sakura hopped onto the seat behind one of the boys, her arms wrapping around his waist as the engine roared to life. The other boys followed suit, their motorcycles growling like restless beasts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey! Haruki!\u8221\'94 Nagano\u8217\'92s voice cut through the noise, and she turned to see him sitting on his motorcycle, his helmet already on. He grinned at her, patting the seat behind him. \u8220\'93C\u8217\'92mon, you don\u8217\'92t want to be late on your first day at Fukumitsu, do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stared at him for a moment, her mind racing. This was surreal. She was about to ride a motorcycle with her father\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 young}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~father\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to a school that existed decades before she was born. But there was no time to think. The other motorcycles were already pulling away, their engines roaring as they sped down the road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She took a deep breath and ran toward Nagano, hopping onto the seat behind him. Her arms instinctively wrapped around his waist as he revved the engine, the vibrations coursing through her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on tight!\u8221\'94 he called over his shoulder, his voice barely audible over the noise. Before she could respond, he hit the throttle, and the motorcycle surged forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The wind whipped through Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hair as they sped down the road, the world blurring around her. She clung to Nagano, her heart racing as they weaved through the streets. The other motorcycles were ahead of them, their riders laughing and shouting as they raced toward the school.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind was a whirlwind of emotions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 fear, excitement, disbelief. She was riding through 1960s Japan on a motorcycle with her father, heading to a school that shouldn\u8217\'92t exist in this time. It was like something out of a dream, but the feel of the wind on her face and the rumble of the engine beneath her told her it was real.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As they approached the school, Nagano slowed down, pulling into the parking lot alongside the others. He cut the engine and turned to Haruki, his grin wide and carefree. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not bad for your first ride, huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki nodded, her legs trembling slightly as she climbed off the motorcycle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85 not bad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano laughed, slinging his bag over his shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93C\u8217\'92mon, let\u8217\'92s get to class. You don\u8217\'92t want to miss your first day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki followed him, her mind still reeling. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to expect, but one thing was clear: this was just the beginning. She was in the past, surrounded by people who would one day shape her future. And she had no idea what to do next.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But for now, all she could do was follow Nagano, her heart pounding with a mix of fear and determination.}}