{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stairs groaned softly, their creaks reverberating in the stillness of the apothecary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton carefully mounted the steps. An attic was reached by a narrow wooden staircase. The polished railings sparkled under her fingertips. A small, circular window at the landing let soft light cast long shadows that danced with her every step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With each step, the town below faded into a whisper of bustling life. Replaced by her son's room's oppressive stillness. As she rose, her free hand gently caressed the coarse wooden walls. She touched the rough spots and gouges, scars from her son's growing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she approached the attic door, a moment of hesitation gripped her. Pausing for a brief moment, she lifted her hand with a touch of uncertainty. The wood stood strong, though it bore the marks of time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton closed her eyes, inhaled deeply, and then rapped softly with her knuckles, the sound a delicate, almost timid knock against the quietude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edward?\u8221\'94 she whispered into the quiet, her voice barely breaking the stillness of the attic. She leaned in.. The other side lingered in their silence. Her brow knitted together, a delicate line appearing between her eyes. She cast a fleeting look at the door handle, an urge to twist it, yet she held back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instead, she knocked again, this time with a deeper intent, the sound echoing more profoundly through the room beyond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence. Thick and unmoving. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A flicker of unease settled in her chest. Frowning, she turned the handle and pushed the door open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The scent of the sea breeze drifted in, mingling with the familiar aroma of parchment and faint traces of potion ingredients. But something was... wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her eyes swept across the room, and for a moment, she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t register it. Then, it struck her all at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 perfectly made. Not a single blanket thrown askew, no haphazard pile of pillows. The sheets were pulled tight, smooth as if untouched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The desk\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 once a chaotic sprawl of open books, ink-stained papers, and forgotten potion vials\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was orderly. Neat stacks replaced the usual clutter. The old alchemical texts, once left to gather dust, had been carefully arranged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the corner of the desk sat Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s handmade radio. Its brass dials gleaming faintly in the morning light. The small headset, draped neatly over the side, emitted a soft, crackling hum. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85and over in Edenfield, clear skies and a bright, sunny day ahead\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her eyes moved to the window. It was open, letting the golden morning light pour in, warmly bathing the room. The soft murmur of the sea drifted in, accompanied by the cry of gulls. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie was gone, but not in the way he used to disappear into himself. This time, something had changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A soft smile tugged at the corners of her lips. Her heart swelled with quiet joy as she realised what had happened. Eddie had finally woken up\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not just from sleep, but from the fog of despair that had weighed him down for seven years. He had tidied his room, made his bed, and left purposefully. The message, crystal clear, was silent. He was ready to move forward and re-engage with the world outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stood there for a few moments longer, taking it in, feeling pride swell in her chest. Eddie, her boy, was finding his way again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the wall of his room, there is a new calendar, this one is clean, with no mark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a circle on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5th of January, 1928.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was today.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a soft sigh of contentment. She shut the door behind her, allowing the room to be quiet. She turned and made her way downstairs, a little lighter on her feet, a little more at peace, knowing her son was beginning a new chapter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had a day to get on with\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the apothecary to tend to, potions to brew, customers to assist\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but everything seemed just a little brighter now. Eddie had woken up from his long slumber, and that was all she needed to know. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stepped off the, flipping a few coins to the ferryman before pedalling his bicycle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air here was different\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 crisper, drier. It lacked Weshaven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thick briny scent, but in its place was something just as rich: the warm spice of freshly unloaded crates, the earthy tang of dried herbs, and the faint, papery whiff of parchment and ink as merchants tallied their stock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osthaven thrived with a different kind of energy. Where Weshaven had the steady, unhurried rhythm of fishermen gutting their morning\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s catch, this place pulsed with movement and purpose. Dockhands hauled crates stamped with foreign sigils, couriers weaved effortlessly between carts, and merchants haggled over silk and spices from distant lands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the first time in a long while, Eddie felt something stir in his chest\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not quite excitement, but something close. Possibility, maybe. A reminder that beyond everything he had left behind, there were still places to go, things to see, and new paths waiting to be taken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie pedaled steadily through the streets of Osthaven, the town humming with life around him. The salty breeze had faded, replaced by the warm aroma of fresh bread, sharp spices, and something sweet roasting over an open flame. His stomach grumbled in protest\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 breakfast had been rushed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but he barely noticed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After scanning the street for the right building, he moved to sling his bag over the handlebars\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when something caught his eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Across the street, a building stood apart from the rest. Its stone walls bore the weight of age, but the towering columns remained proud, their intricate carvings unmistakably Elvish. Time had weathered them, softened their edges, but their elegance endured\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a testament to something greater than the years that had passed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Above its heavy wooden doors, an emblem gleamed in iron: an owl, perched upon a scroll, its wings tucked close. Beneath it, carved into a worn brass plaque, were two simple words.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Sage Institute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stared, a quiet stirring in his chest. He had never noticed it before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 maybe he had never thought to look. But now, standing there, the emblem seemed to be looking back at him. Watching. Weighing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His eyes traced the contours of the owl, its unblinking gaze steady, unwavering. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just a place. It was a challenge. An invitation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie took a breath, gripping his handlebars a little tighter.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Alright, then. Let\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s see what you\u8217\'92ve got.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The large double doors stood in front of him. Imposing yet inviting in a way only magical institutions could be. He took a deep breath and walked toward them, feeling the weight of the past and the future merge in that single step. The carved owl emblem seemed to watch his every move as if assessing whether he was ready for what lay inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was the place where his life could change again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie walked through the heavy oak doors of the Sage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Institute. Feeling a wave of warmth as the air changed from the busy streets of Central Weshaven to the quiet, scholarly atmosphere inside. The scent of old parchment and aged wood hit him immediately. A sense of academic grandeur wrapped in an almost mystical aura. His footsteps echoed across the polished stone floor. Runes, faintly glowing and humming with the wisdom of ages past, etched each tile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the centre of the reception hall stood a massive circular desk, staffed by clerks in deep blue robes. The space buzzed with quiet efficiency. The occasional murmur of conversation drifting through the grand chamber. Above the desk, a vast map of Solivia and the surrounding realms were etched into the stone wall. Golden pins mark various magical academies across the land.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze lingered, his eyes tracing the intricate pathways connecting cities. He recognised a few of the names.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silverleaf University, nestled deep in the Forests of Hoverhill. It was reputed to be a haven for those who wished to blend magic with the natural world. Where the trees themselves seemed to hum with arcane energy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Angelwood University, perched on the serene shores of Dill. Its ivory towers gleamed like pearls against the backdrop of crashing waves. A place where sea mages and weathercasters honed their craft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Faraday University, on the rolling hills of King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Grave. Surrounded by windswept fields and ancient stone monoliths. Known for its rigorous studies in enchantment and magical engineering. Solivia considered its graduates the finest spellwrights.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes landed on a pin in the heart of the Plains of Edenfield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Edenfield University.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Unlike the other names, this one carried a weight that tugged at his chest. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just another academy on the map. Edenfield was the dream, the pinnacle of magical education. It wasn\u8217\'92t a place for ordinary students\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was a place for the exceptional, for those destined to leave their mark on the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The golden pin glinted under the soft light as if beckoning him. Eddie swallowed hard, his fingers curling into his palms. A flicker of doubt crept into his mind. Did he belong there? Could he ever belong there?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The map whispered promises of possibility. A life beyond Weshaven and the confines of his father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shop. But it also reminded him of the weight of expectations, of what it would mean to fail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened as he stepped back, shaking off the thoughts. His gaze lingered on the golden pin marking Edenfield University for a moment longer. Before he turned away, the image burned into his mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie approached the desk, feeling out of place among the others, waiting. Some were dressed in elegant robes, and others carried enchanted scrolls. All seemed to radiate an air of confidence and purpose that Eddie wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t entirely sure he could fake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the clerks, a middle-aged man. Spectacles perched on the edge of his nose and a weary yet meticulous expression. Glanced up from his parchment as Eddie hesitated in front of him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94 the clerk prompted, his voice calm and measured. The single syllable was laden with impatience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, hi,\u8221\'94 Eddie began, forcing himself to sound steady. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here about a scholarship to Edenfield.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The clerk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow creased slightly. \u8220\'93A scholarship to Edenfield?\u8221\'94 he repeated, setting down his quill with deliberate slowness. \u8220\'93You mean the Sage\u8217\'92s Institute sponsorship program?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the one,\u8220\'93 Eddie said, trying to sound casual, though his hands clenched the edge of the desk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The clerk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression flickered with doubt. He looked Eddie over, taking in the simple, slightly scuffed clothes and lack of discernible magical equipment. \u8220\'93I see. And you are... a registered applicant, I presume?\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not... exactly,\u8220\'93 Eddie admitted, heat rising to his cheeks. \u8220\'93But I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not registered.\u8220\'93 The clerk interrupted smoothly, his lips twitching into a faint, humourless smile. \u8220\'93Young man, the Sage\u8217\'92s Institute sponsorship is one of the most competitive programs in Solivia. Prestigious mentors typically nominated candidates or already have a record of exceptional performance. Forgive me, but you don\u8217\'92t quite seem...\u8220\'93 He gestured vaguely at Eddie, as if to say you don\u8217\'92t belong here. \u8220\'93...like the usual candidate profile.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie bristled, but swallowed his frustration. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I don\u8217\'92t exactly scream \u8216\'91prodigy,\u8216\'91 but I\u8217\'92m serious about this. I just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Serious,\u8220\'93 the clerk echoed, his tone clipped as if he had heard this line a thousand times before. He picked up his quill again, his eyes drifting back to his parchment. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m afraid potential is rarely enough. Perhaps you\u8217\'92d like to review our admissions guidelines? And apply through the standard process\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But this isn\u8217\'92t standard,\u8220\'93 Eddie blurted, desperation creeping into his voice. \u8220\'93I have something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 someone who\u8217\'92s vouching for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The clerk gave him a sceptical glance over the rim of his spectacles. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? And who might that be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie hesitated. This was it. He fumbled in his pocket and pulled out the brass card Catherine had given him. The polished metal gleamed faintly under the reception hall\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s magical lighting. He placed it on the desk with more confidence than he felt, sliding it toward the clerk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s this?\u8220\'93 the clerk asked, eyebrows raised as he reached for the card.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The clerk examined the card, his practised fingers turning it over. His face remained impassive until his eyes landed on the owl sigil of the Sage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Institute. His brows furrowed slightly, but when his gaze flicked to the name and title engraved below, his demeanour shifted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine,\u8220\'93 the clerk murmured, reading aloud. His tone carried an undertone of disbelief. His eyes darted back to the card.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded, unsure whether to feel proud or more intimidated by the weight of the name.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The clerk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes snapped to Eddie, sharp and broad, like he had just seen a ghost. His mouth opened and closed wordlessly for a moment before he managed, \u8220\'93You mean this, Catherine? Is Catherine the Elf?\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded, shifting awkwardly under the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s intense gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a heartbeat, the clerk stared at him. His earlier scepticism evaporated like mist under a scorching sun. He looked down at the card again, as if to confirm that it hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t somehow changed in the last few seconds. Then, straightening, he cleared his throat, visibly trying to compose himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8220\'93 the clerk said, his tone noticeably different now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more measured, almost reverent. \u8220\'93This is... highly unusual. Catherine the Elf does not give her endorsements lightly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He studied Eddie with a new, cautious intensity. Like a man reevaluating a puzzle he had underestimated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you saying she\u8217\'92s vouching for you? Personally?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded again, this time firmer, though the clerk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disbelief lingered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The man took a deep breath, his fingers tightening on the edge of the card. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very well,\u8220\'93 he said at last, setting it down carefully as though it were made of glass. \u8220\'93Let me see what arrangements can be made.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait here for a moment,\u8220\'93 the clerk said, his voice now more measured. He disappeared through a doorway behind the desk. Leaving Eddie standing alone in the middle of the vast reception hall with his thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind raced. He had no idea what Catherine\u8217\'92s influence truly meant in a place like this, and for a moment, he felt the weight of it all. This was a pivotal moment. If the card didn\u8217\'92t work, this whole attempt could fall apart. His gaze wandered around the room, taking in the portraits of past scholars watching him from the walls, their eyes following his every move. They were judging him, questioning whether he could walk the same halls they had.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Time seemed to stretch on as Eddie waited, the quiet hum of the Institute suddenly louder in the silence of his thoughts. His heart beat a little faster. He was on the precipice of something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he could feel it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door opened again, and the clerk returned, his expression now softened with respect. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mr. Welton, if you would follow me, someone will speak with you shortly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded, tucking the card back into his pocket. He felt its slight weight as he followed the clerk deeper into the halls of the Sage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Institute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A girl in a deep blue robe approached him as Eddie stood there, waiting by the front desk. Her robe bore the emblem of the Sage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Institute\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a stylized owl perched on a scroll, its wings elegantly outstretched. She looked at Eddie with calm, appraising eyes before offering a slight nod.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edward Welton?\u8220\'93 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come with me,\u8220\'93 she said, her voice steady but kind. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Emma Somers. I\u8217\'92m the agent responsible for the Edenfield Scholars program.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stepped beside her, feeling a mixture of nerves and anticipation. They walked silently for a moment before Emma led him to a spiralling staircase at the far side of the hall. As they began their ascent, Eddie glanced around. Taking in the intricate carvings on the bannisters\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 symbols of magic from all the schools he had once dreamed of mastering. The stairs spiralled upwards, the balustrade intricately carved with symbols of various schools of magic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Conjuration, Destruction, Alchemy, and more. Soft light from floating orbs illuminated their way, casting long shadows on the walls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stairs seemed to wind endlessly upward, and the air grew quieter as they ascended, the sounds of the busy reception hall fading into a soft hum below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First time going to the Sage\u8217\'92s Institute?\u8220\'93 Emma asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, the place is huge for a magic academy,\u8221\'94 Eddie said}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed it is,\u8220\'93 Emma answered, \u8220\'93the Sage\u8217\'92s Institute is more than just a magical academy. Its roots go back centuries, to the time of the Nine Sages.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes drifted to the portraits lining the walls as they ascended the winding staircase. He counted nine figures, each depicted with solemn dignity, their robes flowing like shadows that almost seemed alive. Each face held an ageless quality, their sharp eyes brimming with wisdom and quiet power. The intricate brushstrokes revealed an unmistakable Elven influence in the art.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Nine Sages,\u8220\'93 Emma said, noticing his gaze. Her voice was reverent as they climbed, \u8220\'93Were a band of scholars centuries ago. This was before the unification of magical academies. Back when magic was feared as much as it was revered. Their mission was to spread the knowledge of magic. Their mission was to guide, teach, and prevent the hoarding and misuse of magic, as had occurred during the Great Mages\u8217\'92 War.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie slowed his steps, his eyes lingering on each portrait. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So... who were they, exactly?\u8220\'93 he asked, genuinely curious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emma smiled faintly, glancing back at him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Each of them was a master in their own field, a visionary who shaped what magic is today. Caerwyn Eithrel\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The Founder\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is perhaps the most famous. He\u8217\'92s the one who envisioned a world where magic could be a bridge between peoples rather than a weapon. He authored the Codex Magicka, the very foundation of magical education. That\u8217\'92s him there,\u8220\'93 she added, gesturing to a tall, ethereal figure, his silver hair cascading like moonlight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze shifted to the next portrait. A graceful figure with auburn hair crowned with woven herbs. \u8220\'93And her?\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s Merrion Aelwyd\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The Healer,\u8220\'93 Emma explained. \u8220\'93She travelled far and wide, healing the sick and teaching the arts of alchemical medicine. Her contributions to healing magic are unmatched even today. Her staff,\u8220\'93 she pointed to the depiction of the figure\u8217\'92s wooden staff. Sprouting with living vines \u8220\'93Is said to have grown from a sapling she saved during a storm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emma motioned to the third figure, draped in a feathered cloak. Their hand rested on a staff intricately carved with what looked like constellations. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Talinor Rhydderch\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The Explorer. They charted magical ley lines and discovered lost traditions. Thanks to them, we have portals and magical maps to navigate the arcane realm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With each Sage, Eddie found himself increasingly drawn to the stories, his curiosity mounting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emma continued to the next portrait row, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These three are the Mortal Men. Brython Gwalchmai\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The Artist\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 used his art to make magic approachable. Inspiring countless people through performances and festivals. Edris Taranis\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The Peacemaker\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dedicated his life to uniting magical factions. And Loegrin Myrddin\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The Philosopher. Penned the Ethics of Magic, which every Edenfield student must study.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes settled on the last three figures, whose stout forms and powerful gazes set them apart.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And these must be the Dwarves,\u8220\'93 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly,\u8220\'93 Emma replied, nodding. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s Gerwald Eisenfaust\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The Warrior\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who balanced magic and martial skill to protect the weak. Sigmar Tiefenruh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The Protector\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 created the first magical vaults to safeguard dangerous artefacts. And Hildebrand Steindottir\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 The Innovator. Pushed the boundaries of enchantments, crafting the first magical prosthetics and automaton workers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stared at Hildebrand\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s portrait, noticing the tools and gadgets painted with remarkable detail. He could almost feel the hum of innovation radiating from the canvas.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Nine Sages aren\u8217\'92t just history,\u8220\'93 Emma said softly, breaking his reverie. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re why places like Edenfield exist. Their ideals live on in studying, teaching, and using magic. They remind us that magic is a responsibility, not just a power.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded, the weight of their legacy settling on him as they reached the top of the staircase. The winding steps had felt endless, but now they seemed to represent something else entirely. A journey not just of discovery, but of purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Sage\u8217\'92s Institute was founded to carry on that mission,\u8220\'93 Emma said, glancing at Eddie as she spoke. \u8220\'93Our Scholarship program to places like Edenfield exists to ensure that the vision of the Nine Sages continues, even today. We\u8217\'92re not just looking for students with magical talent. We\u8217\'92re looking for those with the potential to carry on that legacy. To spread knowledge and contribute to the world of magic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie took it all in, feeling the weight of the surrounding history. They passed under a large painting of the sages standing together before the High King. He felt renewed awe for the institution he was now a part of, even if he was still uncertain about his place there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll see portraits of the sages throughout the Institute,\u8220\'93 Emma said. Gesturing to the figures on the wall. \u8220\'93They were instrumental in creating the very first magical universities. Edenfield was one of the first. Many magical traditions and practices we follow today derive from their teachings.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They continued upward, the steps seeming endless. The further they went, the quieter the building became. The sounds of the bustling reception hall below faded into a deep, almost reverent silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emma finally glanced over her shoulder at Eddie. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re lucky, you know,\u8220\'93 she said, her tone softening slightly. \u8220\'93Not everyone gets a recommendation like the one you have. Master Alchemist Catherine\u8217\'92s name holds a lot of weight here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite know how to respond to that. He just nodded, gripping the card Catherine had given him tighter in his pocket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they entered the room labelled \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edenfield Office,\u8220\'93 Eddie felt a mix of anticipation and anxiety. Books and scrolls filled the shelves, and the scent of old parchment and ink hung heavy in the air. Emma sat behind a sturdy desk while Eddie sat across from her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Mr. Welton,\u8220\'93 Emma began, her tone sharp and professional. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll add you to the list of Scholarship Applicants. But let me make something obvious.\u8220\'93 She fixed him with a steely gaze. \u8220\'93I know you\u8217\'92re connected to Master Alchemist Catherine, but that won\u8217\'92t mean a thing in this process. You\u8217\'92re not getting in just because of a connection. You will earn your place here on your own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie swallowed hard, nodding slowly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emma continued, her voice unwavering. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going on the entrance exam list. But unlike most applicants who have three months to prepare, you have three weeks. Three weeks to prove that you\u8217\'92re worthy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His heart sank. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Three weeks? That\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 really tight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression remained cold, \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s discuss your path forward. What faculty do you intend to study in at Edenfield?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie hesitated, the weight of her gaze pressing down on him like a physical force. For a moment, he let his mind wander. Considering the options Emma had laid out earlier: Conjuration, Illusion, Bardry, Enchantments, Automaton Engineering, Alchemy. Each sounded enticing, brimming with possibilities.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Noticing his uncertainty, Emma leaned back in her chair, her tone matter-of-fact. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me make this simple for you. Each faculty focuses on a distinct branch of magic. Each has its own strengths and limitations. It\u8217\'92s important to choose something that aligns with both your abilities and interests.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She began ticking them off on her fingers. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Conjuration is the art of summoning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 objects or entities from the Arcane Realm. It\u8217\'92s powerful but dangerous if mishandled. Illusion is about perception and deception, manipulating what others see or believe. Bardry is resonance magic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 using performance to amplify and harmonise magical or emotional forces. Enchantment emphasises imbuing objects with magical properties, giving them unique powers or functions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her gaze sharpened. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Automaton Engineering combines mechanical ingenuity with enchantments, creating constructs and magical devices. It\u8217\'92s highly technical but revolutionary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, her hand rested on the desk. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And Alchemy,\u8220\'93 she said, her voice steady, \u8220\'93is the science of transformation. It\u8217\'92s about breaking down the physical properties of materials and reassembling them into something entirely new. Alchemy requires precision, knowledge, and resourcefulness. Done correctly, it\u8217\'92s incredibly versatile. Done poorly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93 she gave a slight, almost imperceptible shrug, \u8220\'93\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s unforgiving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie felt the weight of each choice pressing down on him. But as Emma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice faded, his thoughts drifted again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He thought of Davies\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words. Catherine\u8217\'92s advice came to mind, too, her calm, encouraging voice urging him to trust in what he was good at. And then there were the hours spent at the apothecary. Every tincture he brewed and every substance he transformed reminded him of what he loved most about magic: the ability to change, adapt, and refine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll go with Alchemy,\u8220\'93 he said, his voice resolute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression remained inscrutable as she studied him. \u8220\'93Alchemy?\u8220\'93 she repeated, her tone carrying a hint of challenge. \u8220\'93Do you understand what you\u8217\'92re committing to? It\u8217\'92s difficult, and your past will follow you here.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know,\u8220\'93 Eddie replied, his voice steady but firm. He met her gaze directly, feeling the weight of his decision settle like a constant flame in his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, let\u8217\'92s cover the topics that will be on the Edenfield\u8217\'92s Faculty of Alchemy entrance exam.\u8221\'94 Leaning forward, her demeanour shifted to a more informative one. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll need to demonstrate your understanding of basic alchemical principles, including transmutation and the properties of common materials. There will also be a practical component where you\u8217\'92ll perform a simple alchemical process.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart raced as he took it all in. \u8220\'93What kind of process?\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something straightforward,\u8221\'94 Emma replied coolly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds simple enough,\u8220\'93 Eddie said, trying to mask his apprehension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Emma continued, her tone returning to its earlier sharpness. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I expect you to come prepared. Alchemy is a demanding discipline, and if you want to succeed, you\u8217\'92ll need to prove you can handle it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tram creaked steadily through the inky darkness of the night. Its rhythmic clattering echoed in the silence that enveloped the world outside. Inside one of the dimly lit wagons, Eddie sat alone. The flickering glow of overhead lights framed his silhouette. He leaned against the cool metal window, staring at the blur of shadows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tram rumbled along the tracks. Eddie stared out the window, watching the landscape of Central Weshaven. The rhythmic clatter of the wheels provided a comforting backdrop to his swirling thoughts. He could hear the distant hum of murmurs from other passengers. But they felt miles away, as if he were encased in a bubble of stillness. The comforting thrum of the train\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s engine contrasted with the sombre weight pressing down on his chest. This ache had settled there long before this journey began.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 How am I going to re-learn Alchemy in three weeks?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The weight of Emma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expectations loomed over him like a dark cloud. The idea of preparing for the entrance exam felt daunting, especially after years of stepping away from magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He recalled the lessons from his childhood\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s patient guidance, the endless experiments in her workshop, the intoxicating scent of alchemical ingredients filling the air. But now, those memories felt distant, almost like a forgotten dream. Could he really reclaim that knowledge in such a short time?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie took a deep breath, his mind racing. He would need to gather his old textbooks, dust off his notes, and practice the fundamentals. But where would he even begin? The thought of diving back into a world he had distanced himself from sent a shiver down his spine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A sudden jolt of the tram snapped him back to reality. He glanced around at the other passengers, each absorbed in their own worlds. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart pounded as he wondered if they had ever faced a challenge as monumental as his.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Outside, the landscape darkened further, swallowed by the night, and Eddie felt a chill creep into the wagon. He wrapped his arms around his knees, a fragile shield against the creeping thought. The world beyond the window was a canvas of obscurity. Yet, within it, he felt the weight of every unspoken word and every missed connection. }}