{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki helped Honoka tidy up the fallen books, stacking loose papers and student submissions neatly on the desk. The silence between them was comfortable now, filled only with the rustle of paper and the occasional creak of the old wooden floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, out of the blue, Honoka spoke, her voice soft but clear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I'm sorry for how I acted yesterday."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki paused, a stack of papers in her hands. "What for?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka kept her eyes on the book in front of her, her fingers tracing the edge of the page. "I got angry at you. I shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have. I know you and Nagano-kun are just friends\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you two just hang out in the same group. Maybe I was just... insecure. I could never be as free and outgoing as you and him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki frowned, setting the papers down. "But why?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka exhaled, her shoulders slumping slightly. "Well... my parents never wanted me to play around like other kids. No sleepovers, no after-school hangouts. Just study, study, study, study.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Her voice sounds bitter, before she continued.\line \line \u8220\'93\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so I can become a teacher one day."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The words hit Haruki like a punch to the gut.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Because she did become a teacher.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The Honoka she knew in the future\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her mother\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had followed that exact path.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 She stared at the paper in her hands - an essay on The Tale of Genji - seeing not the words but her memory of mother in the present time, in her own time. Grading papers at the kitchen table late into the night, feeling restless and sleepy, fuelled by coffee and stress.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 "But you said you wanted to be a poet," Haruki said carefully, picking up another stray sheet. "You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve written that poetry book and everything."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Yeah, but..." Honoka smiled faintly, still not looking up. "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just a hobby, you know? Something for myself. Publishing is expensive, and the thousands of rejections is a going to take so much time\u8230\'85 And my parents don\u8217\'92t want any of that uncertainty, they want me to have a stable career.\u8221\'94 She said, scribbling of graphite could be heard as she talks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just glad they allowed me join the Literature Club at all. Knowing how strict they are."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She set down her pen, finally meeting Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze. "I envy you and Nagano. You both seem like you have all the time in the world\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 riding around Japan on his bike, doing whatever you want on weekends.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Meanwhile, I\u8217\'92m stuck at home studying Souseki, Shikibu, Kawabata, Mishima\u8230\'85 Knowing that I wouldn\u8217\'92t be able to make something of my own to show the world."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The air between them grew heavy. Haruki remembered with sudden clarity that night in her home, that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exist in this time - the dining table where her father had calmly placed the nursery school application. The way her mother's hands had fluttered nervously pouring tea as Haruki's voice rose in protest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The slam of her palm against the dining room table. The bitter taste of green tea gone cold in her mouth. The way her mother had reached for her wrist as she stormed toward the front door - that desperate grip she'd shaken off so violently she heard her mother stumble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Rain had been falling that night. She remembered how it soaked through her sneakers as she ran blindly down the lamp-lit street, how she'd screamed into the storm that they were just like all the same - crushing dreams beneath obligation. That they didn't understand art mattered more than some safe career. That why she lived mattered more than how she lived.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Now, watching Honoka's fingers trace the edges of her poetry notebook with the same restrained longing, Haruki understood the truth: her mother hadn't been the enemy that night. She'd been someone who recognized the shape of the cage because she'd lived in one herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki moved behind Honoka's chair and wrapped her arms around her friend's shoulders in a tight embrace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "H-Haruki? What are you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " Honoka stiffened in surprise, her hands hovering uncertainly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I'm sorry..." Haruki whispered, pressing her forehead against Honoka's shoulder blade. The scent of ink and faint floral shampoo filled her nose - so familiar, so much like home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka relaxed slightly, though confusion still laced her voice. "It's okay, Haruki-chan." She patted Haruki's arm awkwardly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I can still write poetry in my spare time!" She continued, forcing cheer in her tone only made Haruki hold on tighter. "I guess Nagano has it good, doesn't he? To be able to hang out with his friends whenever he wishes, come home as late as he wants..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki's grip loosened as she drew back slightly. The golden light caught the dust motes swirling between them as she took a deep breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "But..." she said quietly, moving to sit beside Honoka, "Nagano isn't that free either."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka blinked, leaning back in her chair. "What do you mean?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "His father owns an automotive company," Haruki said matter-of-factly. "And his father before him probably did too. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s obvious he\u8217\'92s expected to inherit it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile turned wistful. "That\u8217\'92s nice."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "But he doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~that," Haruki insisted. "He loves music\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 singing, playing guitar, performing. You know he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s terrible at math and physics. He\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 hates}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~engineering."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression softened. "But\u8230\'85 he still has to inherit the business nonetheless."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki nodded. "He still has to go to engineering school after graduation. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll have to give up on music."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A heavy silence settled between them, the weight of unspoken dreams pressing down. Honoka stared at her notebook, her fingers absently tracing the spine. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The distant chirping of sparrows, filled the evening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sounds of brass musical instruments. Trombones, Tubas, Trumpets, somewhere across the school yard, practicing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The distant screeching of shoes, the rhytmic thudding of basketball being bounced at the gymnasium below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rhythmic scratching of a pencil against notebook, the crunching of pages being flipped. filled the small room, each scratch deliberate, each movement lost in the rhythm of creation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The room smelled of old ink and pages, a scent that Haruki thought, Honoka had come to associate with freedom\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a freedom she rarely felt outside these four walls.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 "But you still love him, don't you, Honoka?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka's pencil stilled. Her breath caught, and for a moment, she considered denying it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 again. But the words died before they could form. There was no hiding it anymore. Not from Haruki. Not from herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Yeah..." she admitted at last, a small, helpless smile tugging at her lips. "I do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki's face lit up like the sun breaking through clouds. "That's why," she declared, throwing her arms wide with a flourish, "We're going to make his dream come true!"}}