{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 that is nice, now onto the next scene}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Haruki helped Honoka tidy up the books that had fallen to the floor, collecting loose papers and student submissions and stacking it neatly into her desk, as Honoka continued her study of old literatures, Haruki helped her by cleaning her own mess, the silence is comforting.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 "I'm sorry for how i acted yesterday." Honoka said out of the blue, her voice is soft, }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 "What for?" Haruki asked,}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 "I got angry at you yesterday," Honoka said, "I shouldn't. I know you and Nagano-kun were only friends, you two just played in the same friends group, maybe i was too insecure, you know? I could never be as free and as easily outgoing like you and Nagano."}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 "But why?" Haruki asked, as she collected a pile of loose paper,}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 "Well," She said, "My parents would never wanted me to play with others, get into sleepovers and the like... They always wanted me to study, so i can become a teacher one day."}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 This hits Haruki hard, because she knew, her mother in the present timeline is a teacher, so she is right}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 "But you said you wanted to be a poet, right? you've wrote that poetry book and all." Haruki said}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 "Yeah, but..." Honoka said as she continues writing, "It was just a hobby. you know? something for myself to enjoy... publishing is a difficult and costs so much money, and my parents wants me to have a stable career one day, im still glad they still allowed me in the Literature club."}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 "I kind of envy both of you..." Honoka continued, "You and Nagano seems like have a time in the world, able to travel all across Japan in his bike in your weekends. While Im stuck in my home studying Literatures.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\line \line Haruki stayed silent, \u8220\'93But you know\u8230\'85 Nagano isn\u8217\'92t that free either.\u8221\'94\line \line Honoka turned her head, leaning to the back of her chair to face Haruki, \u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94\line \line \u8220\'93Well, his father owned an automotive company,\u8221\'94 Haruki said matter-of-factly, \u8220\'93And probably his father before him too, so it\u8217\'92s obviously his duty to inherit the company.\u8221\'94\line \line Honoka smiled envily, \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s nice.\u8221\'94\line \line \u8220\'93But he doesn\u8217\'92t want that.\u8221\'94 Haruki said, \u8220\'93He has a passion in music, he like singing, playing the guitar and performing music. He is bad at mathemathics and physics, obviously he hate Engineering.\u8221\'94\line }
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But he still need to inherit the family business.\u8221\'94 Honoka contined}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Haruki nodded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He still need to go to Engineering School after graduation, he will have to abandon his music.\u8221\'94\line \line There is a silence between them, \line \line The distant chirping of sparrows, filled the evening.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Sounds of brass musical instruments. Trombones, Tubas, Trumpets, somewhere across the school yard, practicing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The distant screeching of shoes, the rhytmic thudding of basketball being bounced at the gymnasium below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The rhythmic scratching of a pencil against notebook, the crunching of pages being flipped. filled the small room, each scratch deliberate, each movement lost in the rhythm of creation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The room smelled of old ink and pages, a scent that Honoka had come to associate with freedom\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a freedom she rarely felt outside these four walls.\line \line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you still love him, didn\u8217\'92t you, Honoka?\u8221\'94 Haruki asked}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No I-\u8220\'93 Honoka said, then stopped herself, there is no hiding it anymore, \u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Honoka admitted, smile start to tug on her lips \u8220\'93I do\u8230\'85\u8221\'94\line \line \u8220\'93That is why\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Haruki said with a fluorish, \u8220\'93We are going to make his dream come true!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The distant chirping of sparrows, filled the evening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Sounds of brass musical instruments. Trombones, Tubas, Trumpets, somewhere across the school yard, practicing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The distant screeching of shoes, the rhytmic thudding of basketball being bounced at the gymnasium below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The rhythmic scratching of a pencil against notebook, the crunching of pages being flipped. filled the small room, each scratch deliberate, each movement lost in the rhythm of creation. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 The room smelled of old ink and pages, a scent that Honoka had come to associate with freedom\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a freedom she rarely felt outside these four walls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you still love him, didn\u8217\'92t you, Honoka?\u8221\'94 Haruki asked}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No I-\u8220\'93 Honoka said, then stopped herself, there is no hiding it anymore, \u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Honoka admitted, smile start to tug on her lips \u8220\'93I do\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is why\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Haruki said with a fluorish, \u8220\'93We are going to make his dream come true!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0}