{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The narrow hallway behind the shelter smelled of old mop water and sun-warmed wood, its shadows stretching long across the chipped linoleum. Honoka stood rigid as a bamboo stalk, her back nearly touching the janitor's closet door as if it might swallow her whole. Across from her, Nagano leaned against the opposite wall with forced casualness, his fingers drumming a nervous rhythm against the soda bottle she'd given him. From the outside, he looked perfectly at ease - but the way his Adam's apple kept bobbing betrayed his unease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Twenty meters away, pressed against the hallway's corner, a pile of baseball players formed a sweaty human pyramid trying to eavesdrop. Haruki elbowed her way between two particularly large outfielders, earning a few grumbles before she made her way to prime viewing position.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So," Nagano broke the silence, twisting the soda cap with a sharp hiss of carbonation. "You like this brand too?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honoka shook her head so fast her glasses slipped. She pushed them up with one trembling finger. "I-it's for you," she stammered, thrusting the bottle forward again as if he might have forgotten holding it. "I heard you liked it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh! Thanks!" Nagano's grin flashed too bright, too quick. "How considerate of you." He took an exaggerated swig, the bottle's condensation dripping onto his already sweat-damp shirt. "So... what did you want to talk about?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The silence that followed was so thick even the eavesdroppers held their breath. Haruki could see Honoka's fingers worrying the hem of her skirt, the way her throat worked around unspoken words. The baseball players exchanged betting glances - this had all the hallmarks of a legendary confession scene.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I've heard you wanted to make music for the end of summer festival..." Honoka finally managed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From behind the wall, a ripple of murmurs spread through the baseball team like wildfire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Ooooh, she's asking him to the festival!"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  whispered the pitcher, nudging the catcher.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Dude, she's totally confessing!"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  someone hissed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Will you morons shut up?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 " Haruki snarled through clenched teeth, delivering a sharp elbow to the shortstop's ribs for emphasis. The group collectively winced but fell silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nagano blinked.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 How the hell did she know about the festival music?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t told anyone except the band guys, and they weren\u8217\'92t exactly gossipy types. His fingers tightened around the soda bottle, condensation slick against his palm. Then it hit him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the way Honoka\u8217\'92s gaze kept darting toward the hallway corner where Haruki was (badly) hiding with a bunch of his inconspicuous baseball team.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yeah, I do." His eyes narrowed playfully. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A slow grin spread across his face.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Of course.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Haruki had a hand in this. That girl was like a typhoon\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 impossible to ignore, leaving chaos and half-baked schemes in her wake, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Did Haruki tell you that?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honoka's nervous giggle fluttered like paper in wind, and this time, her voice didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shake. It danced\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just a little. She pushed her glasses up, not to hide, but to\~see him better, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yeah, she did."}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Hey! Don't bring me into this--"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Haruki's protest was immediately shushed by a grimy hands clapping over her mouth from various baseball players.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Will you shut up?\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  hissed one of the baseball player.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tension cranked tighter as Honoka took a shuddering breath. Haruki could practically see the words stuck in her throat, the way her lips shaped silent rehearsals. The baseball team leaned forward in unison, their cleats scraping against the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You know... I..." Honoka began, her voice barely above a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the hush that followed, a single bead of sweat rolled down the pitcher's nose and splattered on the tiles. The cleanup batter mouthed\~she's gonna confess\~to the shortstop. Haruki dug her nails into her palms, torn between wanting to throttle Honoka for taking so long and strangling the baseball team for their commentary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From her vantage point, she could see Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip tightening around the soda bottle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his knuckles whitening even as his smile stayed perfectly,\~painfully\~relaxed. The boy was a master of pretending he wasn\u8217\'92t freaking out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I, as a member of the Literature Club, can provide you help with the lyrics!"\~Honoka blurted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A beat of absolute silence. Even the flickering hallway lights seemed to pause.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheer\~was immediately drowned out by the baseball team\u8217\'92s collective groan\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a sound like a deflating parade balloon. The pitcher ripped off his cap and hurled it to the ground, where it spun in a pathetic circle before settling at Honoka\u8217\'92s feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s it?!"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~he groaned, disbelieved. Voice cracking.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "We risked Coach\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s wrath for THIS? No confession? No\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~He clutched his chest,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 clutching each other as the sunset paints them gold?!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The shortstop collapsed to his knees, pressing his glove to his forehead like a Victorian heroine.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "The greatest romantic tragedy of our time,"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~he declared, as the cleanup batter solemnly patted his shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One by one, the team shuffled away, their cleats dragging mournfully across the linoleum. The third baseman paused just long enough to shoot Nagano a distant look of utter betrayal.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I believed in you, Fujiyama."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then they were gone, leaving behind only the faint scent of sweat, sunflower seeds, and shattered dreams.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki stood alone in the sudden quiet, the\~click-click\~of the baseball team\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s retreat echoing down the hallway. She stared at the abandoned soda cap still lying near Honoka\u8217\'92s shoes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few beats of silence stretched between Nagano and Honoka. Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Wait\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, \u8220\'93}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Are you serious? }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 You\~will?"  The forced calm shattering into genuine shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honoka nodded, her earlier nervousness melting into something brighter. Her glasses caught the light as she straightened, and for the first time, she looked\~sure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s\~awesome, Aoki-san!" Nagano\u8217\'92s voice cracked mid-cheer.\~"That\u8217\'92ll be a huge help! Me and my band suck at words\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we\u8217\'92ve just been yelling\~\u8216\'91yeah baby!\u8217\'92\~over guitar solos!"\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He ran a hand through his hair, grinning like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just been handed a winning lottery ticket.\~"Having the\~vice president of the Literature Club\~and\~head of the poetry division\~on our side will make us\~unstoppable!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honoka giggled, waving a hand as if to bat away his praise.\~"It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nothing, really\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Nothing?" Nagano scoffed.\~"You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re the one who wrote\~\u8216\'91The River in Winter\u8217\'92\~for the school\u8217\'92s weekly paper, right? That thing made our drummer\~cry like a baby."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheeks went pink.\~"That\u8230\'85 might\u8217\'92ve been an accident, it was just for the weeky papers afterall."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "A\~good\~accident if you could call it that!"\~Nagano chuckled, and for a second, his usual swagger flickered into something quieter.\~Sincere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoes scuffed against the linoleum as he leaned against the lockers, his motorcycle keys jingling in his pocket. Then he paused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a fancy book,"\~he said, nodding at the thick novel wedged under Honoka\u8217\'92s arm. A silk tassel dangled from its pages, the kind used in old libraries.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honoka stiffened, as if caught smuggling contraband.\~"O-oh! It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, um\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "\~She fumbled the book into view, revealing the gold-embossed title:\~The Makioka Sisters.\~"One of the texts I\u8217\'92m reviewing for the school magazine\u8217\'92s literature column."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nagano plucked the book from her hands before she could protest, flipping it open to a random page. His nose wrinkled at the dense paragraphs.\~"No pictures? What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s it about\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 some rich people eating fancy dinners?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "N-no! Well, yes, there are dinners, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "\~Honoka reached for the book, then hesitated when Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s calloused fingers brushed against a marked chapter titled\~"Taeko\u8217\'92s Rebellion."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They talked for a while\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 longer than Haruki expected. Nagano, usually all swagger and half-baked jokes, leaned against the lockers, actually\~listening\~as Honoka cradled her worn copy of\~The Makioka Sisters, its gold-embossed title gleaming under the hallway lights.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about these four sisters in Osaka before the war,"\~Honoka explained, fingers tracing the dragonfly on the cover\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a creature caught between water and air, just like them.\~"The youngest wants to marry for love, but the family keeps delaying it, waiting for\u8230\'85 for things to be\~perfect. Like if they wait long enough, the world will stop changing around them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nagano tilted his head.\~"So it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a sort of tragedy?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No! Well\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yes, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "\~Honoka pushed her glasses up, her voice gaining momentum.\~"It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about how\~tradition\~isn\u8217\'92t just rules, you know? It\u8217\'92s this\u8230\'85 this\~thing\~people cling to when they\u8217\'92re scared. Like the sisters\u8217\'92 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 obasama}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , insisting on kimono in a world of sewing machines."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A pause. Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s soda bottle hovered halfway to his lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You mean,"\~he said slowly,\~"They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not protecting tradition. They\u8217\'92re\~hiding\~behind it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught.\~"Yes!\~Exactly!\~Like\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like how Taeko cuts her hair and opens a shop, even though it shames the family. She\~chooses\~the modern world, even if it\u8217\'92s messy."\~Her hands fluttered, as if trying to sculpt the idea between them.\~"I tried explaining this to my club, but they just argued about \u8216\'91proper themes\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nagano laughed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not his usual bark, but something warmer,\~richer.\~"Sounds like they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re the ones scared of mess."\~He flicked the soda cap at her playfully.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nervous giggle tangled with his laughter, and for a moment, the hallway\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 with its scuffed floors and the distant echo of janitor\u8217\'92s radio\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 felt less like a tunnel and more like a sunlit clearing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then the bell rang, shrill and inevitable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honoka jumped like she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been shocked.\~"Oh! I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I have chemistry."\~She scrambled to her feet, nearly dropping her book.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Aoki-san!"\~Nagano called after her as she retreated down the hall.\~"What time are you free to talk lyrics?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned, clutching the book to her chest.\~"After school. The literature club room\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 third floor."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A nod.\~"Got it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She took two steps, hesitated, then spun back.\~"And\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 !"\~Her voice hit a squeak. She cleared her throat.\~"You can just call me Honoka."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nagano blinked. Then, with a slow, deliberate smirk:\~"Alright then,\~Honoka-san!" He dragged out the honorific like a challenge.\~"See you after school!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face flamed. She fled.}}