{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Haruki convinced Honoka that she will be the one who said to him herself that she is willing to help his band with the lyrics, but Honoka was nervous}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 "I, as a vice president of the Literature Club, i can provide you help with the lyrics!" Honoka finally said}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Haruki cheered, but the rest of the students groaned in dissapointment, Honoka isn't asking him out, she is just helping him out, the students returned to the baseball fields, and Haruki was left alone}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 There is a few moment of silence from Nagano, "Wait... you're serious, you will?" His eyes widen}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Honoka nodded in excitement}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 "That's awesome, Aoki-san!" Nagano cheered, "That will be a huge help! me and my bands weren't good with words at all! having the vice-president of the Literature club and head of poetry divison will make our music unstoppable!"}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Haruki cheered behind the wall, Honoka has succeeded, }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Honoka giggled, humbly downplaying her role as the vice-president of the literature club and head of poetry division, and Nagano saying that she is awesome, being able to write beautiful poetries on the weekly papers constantly,}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 They talked for a while, about Nagano's trips. about the books Honoka was reading, about some of the characters in them and how Nagano commented on them, they laughed together}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0 that is nice, but can you revise the following passage? Can you expand the line "Nagano blinked." and describe his surprise on how'd Honoka knew of this, before remembering that Honoka is a close friend with Haruki, maybe his expression was confusion at first, then smile afterwards Here is the current passage: Haruki - now fully invested in her role as mission control - whipped around with a glare that could melt steel. "Will you morons shut up?" she snarled through clenched teeth, delivering a sharp elbow to the shortstop's ribs for emphasis. The group collectively winced but fell silent. Nagano blinked. "Yeah, I do." His eyes narrowed playfully. "Did Haruki tell you that?"}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0}