{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 After the final bell rang, signaling the end of the school day, Haruki and Honoka walked together through the hallway, their footsteps blending with the chatter of other students. The air was filled with the sound of laughter and the shuffling of shoes as everyone made their way to the exits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki glanced at Honoka, her hands clutching the straps of her bag. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aoki-san,\u8221\'94 she began, her tone hesitant, \u8220\'93I-is the class usually this strict?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka looked at her, her brow furrowing in confusion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Strict? I thought it was pretty laid back today. Why? Was it different at your previous school?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki hesitated, unsure of how much to reveal. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85 yeah,\u8221\'94 she said carefully. \u8220\'93At my old school, the teachers were usually pretty relaxed. Sometimes, we could even talk to them like friends. But here\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She trailed off, glancing around the hallway as if expecting Mr. Genzo to appear with his wooden ruler at any moment. \u8220\'93It feels like I could get hit with a ruler for just breathing wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka giggled, covering her mouth with her hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re funny, Fujiyama-san. Are you from the city or something? I\u8217\'92ve heard the schools there are a lot more laid back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki blinked, caught off guard by the question. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exactly tell Honoka that she was from the same town, just fifty years in the future. So, she nodded, going along with the assumption. \u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92m from the city. It\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 different there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes sparkled with curiosity. \u8220\'93That sounds exciting. I\u8217\'92ve always wanted to visit the city. Maybe one day I will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki smiled faintly, though her heart ached at the thought. She knew what the future held for Honoka\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a life tied to tradition and expectations, far removed from the dreams she might have now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka tilted her head, studying Haruki for a moment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, if it helps you relax a bit, you can just call me Honoka.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened in surprise. \u8220\'93A-are you sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka nodded, her smile warm and genuine. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course. We\u8217\'92re classmates now, after all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki hesitated, then nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright then, Honoka-san,\u8221\'94 she said, testing the name on her tongue. \u8220\'93Then please call me Haruki.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile widened. \u8220\'93Okay then, Haruki-chan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The nickname caught Haruki off guard, sending a warm, familiar feeling through her chest. She hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been called that in a long time. In the present, her mother always addressed her formally, her tone strict and distant. But here, Honoka\u8217\'92s voice was friendly and down-to-earth, filled with a warmth that felt both familiar and alien at the same time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was strange, hearing her mother\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 young}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~mother\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 call her by such an affectionate name. It made her feel at home, yet also reminded her of how much had changed over the years. How much\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 she}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~had changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As they walked through the bustling hallway, Honoka turned to Haruki with a bright smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By the way, Haruki-chan,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone casual but enthusiastic, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m the editor of the Literature Club. If you haven\u8217\'92t joined any clubs yet, you should consider joining mine. We\u8217\'92re always looking for someone to help out with the papers!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki hesitated, her mind racing. The Literature Club. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the Art Club she had loved so much in her own time, but it was something. Still, after everything that had happened today, she felt exhausted\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 mentally and emotionally. She needed time to process everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Honoka-san,\u8221\'94 Haruki said, forcing a small smile. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll think about it. But today\u8230\'85 I think I just need to rest. It\u8217\'92s been quite a day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka nodded, her expression understanding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course. You\u8217\'92ve had a lot to adjust to. Take your time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They continued walking, the chatter of other students fading as they neared the school gates. Honoka glanced at Haruki, her curiosity getting the better of her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, where do you live, Haruki-chan? Maybe we\u8217\'92re neighbors!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart skipped a beat. She hadn\u8217\'92t thought about this. Her house\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the grand, traditional estate she knew in the present\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 didn\u8217\'92t exist yet. The only place she could call home in this time was the small, abandoned house in the forest where she had taken shelter the night before. She needed to come up with something believable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I, uh\u8230\'85 live in a cabin in the forest,\u8221\'94 Haruki said, her voice hesitant. \u8220\'93With my grandfather.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened in surprise. \u8220\'93Really? That\u8217\'92s so interesting! I didn\u8217\'92t know there were cabins out there. I live not far from the forest, actually. My family\u8217\'92s house is just a short walk away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind raced. That\u8217\'92s right\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her grandparents\u8217\'92 house on her mother\u8217\'92s side was somewhere near the forest. She had heard stories about it from her mother, though she had never seen it herself. The realization made her chest tighten with a strange mix of emotions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Haruki said, her voice soft. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 convenient.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka smiled, her expression warm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re heading home now, we could walk together. It\u8217\'92s always nicer to have company, don\u8217\'92t you think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki hesitated for a moment, then nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. That sounds nice.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They stepped out of the school gates, the cool afternoon air brushing against their faces. The sun was beginning to set, casting a golden glow over the town. As they walked, Honoka chatted easily, telling Haruki about her family, her favorite books, and the Literature Club\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s upcoming activities. Haruki listened, her heart swelling with a mix of emotions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nostalgia, sadness, and a strange, aching hope.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 As they walked toward the gate, Haruki noticed a group of students gathered nearby. The motorcycle gang from earlier was hanging out, their bikes parked in a neat row. Nagano sat on the edge of the sidewalk, an acoustic guitar resting on his lap. His fingers moved skillfully over the strings, playing a familiar tune\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ue o Muite Aruk\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u333\'6F}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 while his friends sang along, their voices loud and slightly off-key.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, it\u8217\'92s Haruki-chan!\u8221\'94 Nagano called, spotting her as she approached. He grinned, his fingers still strumming the guitar. \u8220\'93Come join us!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki smiled, her heart lifting at the sight. She turned to Honoka, who was standing beside her, her face suddenly flushed and her hands fidgeting nervously. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, it\u8217\'92s Nagano over there,\u8221\'94 Haruki said, her tone cheerful. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s go say hi!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93H-Haruki?\u8221\'94 Honoka stammered, her voice barely above a whisper. Her cheeks turned bright red, and she looked like she wanted to disappear. But before she could protest, Haruki grabbed her hand and pulled her toward the group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grin widened as they approached. \u8220\'93Hey, Haruki-chan! And\u8230\'85 oh, it\u8217\'92s Aoki-san!\u8221\'94 he said, his tone teasing. \u8220\'93What brings you two here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face turned even redder, and she looked down at her feet, unable to meet Nagano\u8217\'92s gaze. \u8220\'93I-I was just walking home with Fujiyama-san,\u8221\'94 she mumbled, her voice barely audible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki, on the other hand, was unfazed. She let go of Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand and sat down on the sidewalk, leaning back on her palms. \u8220\'93We heard you playing and thought we\u8217\'92d come over,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone casual. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re pretty good, Nagano.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano laughed, his fingers still moving over the guitar strings. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks! I\u8217\'92ve been practicing. You know this song?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, it\u8217\'92s\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ue o Muite Aruk\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u333\'6F}{\f0\fs24\b0 , right? It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a a vintage classic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers faltered for a moment, and he looked at her with a puzzled expression. \u8220\'93Vintage? What are you talking about? This song just came out last year. It\u8217\'92s a global hit right now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everyone even people in America is listening to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki froze, her cheeks flushing as she realized her mistake. Of course. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t in the present anymore. This song wasn\u8217\'92t a nostalgic throwback here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was brand new, fresh and popular. And her parents\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 well, the younger versions of them sitting right here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 were part of the generation that had made it a hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, right,\u8221\'94 Haruki said quickly, trying to cover her slip. \u8220\'93I mean, it\u8217\'92s just so good that it feels like a classic already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, right?\u8221\'94, He grinned, and started playing again. \u8220\'93Well, if you like it that much, maybe I\u8217\'92ll play it more often.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki smiled weakly, her mind racing. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but think about her father in the present, how he would play this song on his old tape recorder whenever he was relaxing by himself. She had always thought it was just a random habit, but now she realized\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was where it had started. This song, this moment, was the origin of that tradition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka, still standing awkwardly to the side, finally found her voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I-It\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s a beautiful song,\u8221\'94 she said softly, her eyes flickering toward Nagano before quickly looking away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano smiled at her, his expression softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks, Aoki-san. You should sit down and sing with us. We\u8217\'92re just hanging out before heading home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka hesitated, her face still flushed, but Haruki reached up and tugged on her sleeve. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Honoka-san. Sit down. It\u8217\'92ll be fun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Reluctantly, Honoka sat down beside Haruki, her hands folded neatly in her lap. Nagano continued playing, his friends joining in with the singing. The atmosphere was lively and carefree, a stark contrast to the strict, formal environment of the school.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As the music filled the air, Haruki couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but smile. For the first time since arriving in this strange, unfamiliar world, she felt a sense of belonging. She glanced at Honoka, who was still blushing but seemed to be enjoying herself, and then at Nagano, who was completely absorbed in his music.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This was her parents\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 past\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a time before the weight of expectations and responsibilities had shaped them into the people she knew. And for now, she was a part of it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As Haruki and Honoka continued their walk home, the sun dipped lower in the sky, casting a warm, golden glow over the rice fields that stretched out on either side of the road. The air was filled with the chirping of crickets and the occasional rustle of the wind through the tall grass. It was peaceful, but Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood was anything but.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She walked a few steps ahead of Haruki, her arms crossed and her lips pressed into a pout. Her shoulders were hunched, and every now and then, she let out a small, frustrated sigh. Haruki watched her with amusement, recognizing the sulky demeanor all too well. It was so much like her mother in the present\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stubborn, dramatic, and impossible to ignore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honoka-san,\u8221\'94 Haruki said, her tone light and teasing. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the matter? You\u8217\'92ve been sulking the whole way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka mumbled something under her breath, her voice barely audible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that?\u8221\'94 Haruki asked, leaning closer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said,\u8221\'94 Honoka repeated, her voice louder but still tinged with annoyance, \u8220\'93You should\u8217\'92ve given me a heads-up before dragging me over there like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki blinked, surprised by the response. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A heads-up? About what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka stopped walking and turned to face Haruki, her cheeks flushed and her eyes narrowed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93About Nagano and his friends, obviously! You just pulled me over without warning, and I wasn\u8217\'92t ready!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stared at her for a moment, then burst out laughing. The way Honoka sulked and grumbled, her mannerisms and tone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was so reminiscent of her present-day mother. It took Haruki a second to realize what was happening, but when it clicked, she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop grinning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I see,\u8221\'94 Haruki said, her voice dripping with mock seriousness. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s about Nagano-kun, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face turned bright red, and she sputtered, \u8220\'93Wh-what? Where did that come from?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki smirked, crossing her arms. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Honoka-san! It\u8217\'92s obvious!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sh-shh!\u8221\'94 Honoka hissed, lunging forward and clapping a hand over Haruki\u8217\'92s mouth. She glanced around nervously, her eyes scanning the empty road and the vast rice fields around them. Satisfied that no one was nearby, she slowly removed her hand and let out a long sigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re impossible,\u8221\'94 Honoka muttered, her cheeks still flushed. She hesitated for a moment, then sighed again, her shoulders slumping. \u8220\'93Fine. I trust you, Haruki-chan. So\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92ll tell you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki raised an eyebrow, trying to suppress a smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka looked down at her feet, her voice barely above a whisper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 I like Nagano-kun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There was a beat of silence. Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression didn\u8217\'92t change\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it remained deadpan, almost unreadable\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but a small, involuntary chuckle escaped her lips. The absurdity of the situation hit her all at once. Here she was, standing in the middle of a rice field in 1961, listening to her teenage mother confess her crush on her teenage father. It was like something out of a surreal comedy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, and she stared at Haruki, her confusion evident. \u8220\'93W-what is that reaction?\u8221\'94 she asked, her voice rising in panic. \u8220\'93Is it that obvious?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips twitched again, but she managed to keep her expression mostly neutral. \u8220\'93Oh, no, no,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone dripping with mock seriousness. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not obvious at all. I\u8217\'92m just\u8230\'85 processing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka frowned, clearly not buying it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Processing? What does that even mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki shrugged, her deadpan expression finally breaking into a small grin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It means you\u8217\'92re not as subtle as you think, Honoka-san.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka groaned, covering her face with her hands. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is a disaster.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki reached out and gently pulled Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands away from her face. \u8220\'93Hey, it\u8217\'92s not a disaster. It\u8217\'92s cute. And honestly, I think Nagano-kun likes you too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression shifted, her earlier flustered demeanor giving way to something more somber. She took her hands away from her face, her voice quiet but firm. \u8220\'93No, he doesn\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you see how popular he is?}{\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Honoka continued, \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s surrounded by all those popular boys, and the girls in class\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no, the entire school\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 are always talking about him. About how cool he is, about the rumors of him defying the principal, how he avoids punishments and not being scared by it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki blinked, surprised by the sudden shift in Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mood. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just an editor for the school press in the Literature Club,\u8221\'94 Honoka continued, her voice trembling slightly. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not popular. In fact, my name isn\u8217\'92t even written in the school press. No one notices me unless they need something proofread. You\u8217\'92re the only one who actually talks to me and doesn\u8217\'92t think my rambling about books and literature is boring.\u8221\'94 She looked down at her feet, her shoulders slumping. \u8220\'93What chance do I have with someone like Nagano-kun?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart ached at the raw vulnerability in Honoka\u8217\'92s voice. She had always known her mother as a strong, confident woman in the present, but here, in this time, Honoka was just a teenager, grappling with insecurities and self-doubt. It was a side of her mother she had never seen before, and it made her feel both protective and sad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honoka-san,\u8221\'94 Haruki said gently, placing a hand on her shoulder. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re amazing. You\u8217\'92re smart, kind, and passionate about what you love. That\u8217\'92s not something everyone has. And Nagano-kun\u8230\'85 he\u8217\'92s not as untouchable as you think. He\u8217\'92s just a guy who likes music, motorcycles and hanging out with his friends. Trust me, he\u8217\'92d be lucky to have someone like you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka looked up at Haruki, her eyes glistening with unshed tears. For a moment, it seemed like she wanted to believe her, but then she shook her head again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter. Even if he did like me, it wouldn\u8217\'92t change anything. I\u8217\'92m not\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m not the kind of girl he would even notice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki opened her mouth to argue, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But Honoka cut her off. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please, Haruki-chan,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice pleading. \u8220\'93Just\u8230\'85 keep this a secret, okay? I don\u8217\'92t want it to turn into some rumor. I don\u8217\'92t want to be laughed at.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki hesitated, then nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay,\u8221\'94 she said softly. \u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t tell anyone. But just know that you\u8217\'92re worth more than you think, Honoka-san. And someday, someone\u8217\'92s going to see that. Maybe even Nagano-kun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka gave her a small, grateful smile, though it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite reach her eyes. \u8220\'93Thanks, Haruki-chan. You\u8217\'92re a good friend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They continued walking in silence, the weight of Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s confession hanging in the air. Haruki couldn\u8217\'92t help but feel a mix of emotions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sadness for Honoka\u8217\'92s insecurities, frustration at the unfairness of it all, and a fierce determination to help her mother see her own worth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For the first time since arriving in this strange, unfamiliar world, Haruki felt a flicker of connection. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how long she would be here, or what the future held, but for now, she was grateful for this moment. For the chance to see her mother as she truly was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not as the stern, distant figure Haruki knew, but as the kind, vibrant girl walking beside her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As they approached the edge of the forest, Honoka pointed down a narrow path. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My house is just down that way,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s your cabin, Haruki-chan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki glanced toward the dense trees, her heart pounding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 a little further in,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice quiet. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be fine from here. Thanks for walking with me, Honoka-san.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka smiled, her eyes crinkling at the corners. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course! See you tomorrow, Haruki-chan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki watched as Honoka walked away, her figure growing smaller as she disappeared down the path. For a moment, Haruki stood there, her chest tight with emotion. Then, she turned and made her way into the forest, her footsteps slow and deliberate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The small, abandoned house came into view, its silhouette stark against the fading light. Haruki stepped inside, the air cool and still. She sat down on the floor, her back against the wall, and closed her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how she had ended up here, or why, but one thing was clear: she had been given a chance to see her parents as they truly were\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not as the stern, distant figures she knew, but as the people they had been before life had shaped them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And maybe, just maybe, she could change things. For them. For herself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}