{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Haruki talks to Honoka and asked whether the class is usually this strict, and Honoka was confused because Honoka thought the class is pretty laid back, Honoka then proceeds to ask whether is it more laid back in Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s previous school}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Haruki then proceed to tell about her \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93previous school\u8221\'94, and there the teachers are usually pretty laid back, the students can talk to the teachers sometimes as a friend, whilst here it seemed like she could be hit by a wooden ruler by any time}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Honoka giggled, asking whether Haruki is from the city, Haruki couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find any other explanation for it, so she just goes with it}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright then, if it could help you relax a bit, you can just call me Honoka.\u8221\'94\line \line \u8220\'93Are you sure?\u8221\'94\line \line Honoka nodded}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright then, Honoka-san.\u8221\'94 Haruki said, \u8220\'93Then please call me Haruki.\u8221\'94\line \line \u8220\'93Okay then, Haruki-chan.\u8221\'94\line }
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Haruki talks to Honoka, and Honoka revealed that she is the president of the Literature club, and if she haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t got any clubs in mind, she can join hers.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Haruki considered the offer but she excused herself because she wants to get some rest today, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been quite a day}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Honoka understood, and then asked where did she live.\line \line Haruki took a moment, trying to construct a lie, where did she live? Technically her house hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t existed, the only thing she can call home is the small house with two set of doors in the forest. So she just said that she live by the forest in a cabin with her grandfather\line \line Honoka then said that she lived not far from there, and they could walk home together, \line \line that\u8217\'92s right, Haruki thought, her grandparent\u8217\'92s house from her mother\u8217\'92s side lived somewhere close by the forest, and so Haruki nodded, and they goes home together}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Nagano called Haruki, and they hung out, but Honoka was very shy. }}