{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Walt and Fred, loyal cultists of the Black Hand. Cloaked in the familiar, shadowy garb of their order, they navigate the dimly lit corridors of the fortress with a practiced efficiency. Their eyes, sharp and calculating, sweep over the rough-hewn stone walls, searching for any anomaly, any hint of intrusion. Unlike their brethren, however, they are not susceptible to the shimmering illusion veils meticulously woven by Christine and Geralt. A nagging suspicion, born from their past encounters with Eddie, festers in the back of their minds.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "What do you make of all this, Fred?" Walt murmurs, his voice a low rumble laced with unease.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fred, his brow furrowed in a contemplative frown, echoes his companion's disquiet. "It's unsettling, Walt. The others seem\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85agitated. On edge, like something\u8217\'92s amiss. And the disruption in the communication channels \endash  that can't be a simple malfunction."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Walt nods curtly, his mind a whirlwind of possibilities. The unexpected silence from the communication channels, the palpable tension that crackled in the air \endash  all pointed towards something far more sinister than a mundane technical difficulty. "We need answers, Fred," he says, his voice hardening with resolve. "Let's head to the communications room first. Whatever's brewing within these walls, it likely has its roots there."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As they weave their way through the labyrinthine corridors, their path intersects with a group of agitated cultists. Walt and Fred exchange a silent glance, a silent question hanging heavy in the air. With measured steps, they approach the group, their expressions composed masks concealing the churning unease within.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "What troubles you, brothers?" Walt inquires, his voice deceptively calm.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One of the cultists, his face etched with a mixture of confusion and concern, steps forward. "We've lost contact with the lower cells," he stammers. "The others\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 they grow restless. They inquire about the location of the sacrifices, claiming they have urgent business with them before the ceremony."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Walt's heart plummets, a cold dread slithering down his spine. He locks eyes with Fred, a flicker of shared understanding passing between them. Something is terribly wrong, a sinister force worming its way into the carefully laid plans of the Black Hand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Thank you for the information, brother," Walt replies, his voice betraying none of the turmoil within. "We will investigate this matter further. Rest assured, order will be restored."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As the group disperses, Walt throws Fred a pointed look, his eyes blazing with determination. "We need to check the cells. Whatever darkness stirs down there, we need to snuff it out."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fred, his jaw clenched tight, mirrors his companion's resolve. "Agreed. But the communications room \endash  shouldn't we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Walt hesitates for a moment, his mind racing. Divided loyalties and a desperate need for answers war within him. Finally, a decision is made.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "You go check the communications room, Fred," he instructs. "See if you can find the source of the disruption. I'll handle the cells. We need to cover all our grounds."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With a curt nod of acknowledgement, Fred peels away, disappearing into the shadows like a wraith. Walt, his heart pounding a frantic tattoo against his ribs, continues his descent towards the lower cells. The weight of suspicion presses down on him, a suffocating cloak in the frigid air. He is no longer just a loyal cultist; he is a man on a mission, determined to uncover the truth and expose the treachery that lurks within the very heart of the Black Hand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But as they neared the finish line, a cold dread prickled at the edges of Eddie's awareness. The distant clatter of boots against stone grew steadily louder, punctuated by the murmur of raised voices. The cultists were returning, and time was a relentless tide pulling them back towards danger.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Will!" Eddie hissed, his voice barely a whisper above the hammering of his own heart. "They're coming. We have to pick up the pace!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will, ever the vigilant lookout, scanned the corridor with a practiced eye. "Understood, Eddie," he replied, his voice tense but steady. "Leave the rest to me. Focus on getting everyone out."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With a renewed surge of urgency, Eddie and Ashley ushered the remaining captives through the shimmering veil. Their movements were a practiced dance, efficient and silent. But as they reached the final two figures, a wave of despair washed over Eddie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "We're out of time," Ashley murmured beside him, her voice heavy with frustration. "There are still two left."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Panic threatened to consume Eddie, but he forced himself to think. He darted a glance towards Will, a lone sentinel guarding the entrance, expertly deflecting any approaching cultists.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Will!" he called out, his voice laced with desperation. "We need a distraction. Can you hold them off for a few moments?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will glanced back, his eyes hardening with resolve. "I'll buy you what time I can, Eddie. Just get them out of here!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A silent understanding passed between them. Eddie turned back to Ashley, a newfound determination burning in his eyes. "We'll create a diversion. You get these last two to safety."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley, never one to back down from a challenge, met his gaze with a resolute nod. "Understood. Don't worry about me, Eddie. Get yourselves out of this too."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Together, they emerged from the cell room, stepping back into the dimly lit corridor. The approaching sounds were now clear \endash  a cacophony of stomping boots and barked orders. Eddie felt a surge of fear, raw and primal, but he squashed it down. They were in this together, and they wouldn't give up without a fight.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With Ashley by his side, Eddie squared his shoulders and met the approaching cultists head-on. His voice, though trembling slightly, rang out with defiance. "There you are! What's the hold-up? We need those prisoners for the ceremony!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The cultists stumbled to a halt, their faces contorted in confusion. This wasn't part of the plan. Eddie, channeling his fear into righteous anger, pressed on.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "They're\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85unruly," he lied, his voice dripping with mock frustration. "Giving us a bit of trouble. We'll have them ready soon enough!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The lead cultist, a hulking brute with a scarred face, narrowed his eyes suspiciously. "See that you do," he growled, his voice laced with a barely veiled threat. "Lord Raven won't be pleased with any delays."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie feigned a placating smile. "Of course not. We wouldn't dream of it."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As the cultists lingered for a moment longer, their gazes lingering on Eddie and Ashley with suspicion, Ashley slipped past them, urging the remaining captives along with her. Each precious second stretched into an eternity until finally, the cultists grunted and turned away, their heavy footsteps fading further down the corridor.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie and Ashley exchanged a quick glance, relief washing over their faces. They had bought precious moments, a sliver of hope against the encroaching darkness. With a silent nod, they slipped back into the cell room, ready to face whatever challenges awaited them next.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will, a sentinel at his post outside the cellar door, vibrated with a nervous energy. Each rustle of clothing from within the cell room sent a jolt through him, a counterpoint to the thrill of their plan unfolding. Relief, however, was a fleeting visitor. A hulking figure materialized from the dimly lit corridor, his black robes billowing around him like a shroud. Will's heart lurched \endash  a single cultist shouldn't inspire such dread, yet this one carried an aura of grim purpose.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Halt," Will barked, his voice firm despite the tremor in his gut. The cultist stopped, his shadowed face unreadable beneath the depths of his hood. But the intensity of his gaze, like a predator locking onto its prey, sent shivers down Will's spine.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Identify yourself and state your business," Will demanded, buying time as his mind raced for a plan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The cultist remained silent for a moment, the tension stretching like a taut bowstring. Finally, a gruff voice rasped from within the hood. "I require access to the cellar. Now."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will's mind spun. He couldn't let this intruder discover their covert operation. Time to call upon his bardic charm, honed over years of captivating audiences. He plastered on a placating smile, his voice oozing false sincerity. "Ah, of course, brother! But unforeseen circumstances have arisen. The cellar is, shall we say, indisposed at present. We're conducting a\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 private ceremony, a sacred rite that demands absolute focus."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The cultist didn't seem to appreciate the performance. His brow furrowed, and a flicker of suspicion ignited in the depths of his shadowed eyes. "A ceremony, you say? This wasn't mentioned in the reports." His voice held a dangerous edge.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will's smile faltered for a moment, but he quickly recovered. "Ah, a last-minute addition, a divine calling, you understand. Most holy and\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 well, best not disturbed." He forced a hearty laugh, the sound echoing hollowly in the oppressive silence.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But the act wasn't fooling the cultist. "There's something amiss here," he growled, his voice dropping to a menacing snarl. "Show me the cellar, or I'll report your disobedience to the higher order."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Panic clawed at Will's throat. He couldn't fight his way out, not with the element of surprise lost. Just as despair threatened to consume him, the cultist spoke again, his words shattering Will's carefully constructed facade.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Will," the voice rasped, laden with a chilling recognition. "I know who you are."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The blood drained from Will's face. His carefully crafted persona crumbled like sandcastles under a tidal wave. How? How could this be happening? Their mission had been meticulously planned, their identities a closely guarded secret.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Dread, cold and suffocating, coiled around his heart. He recognized the voice now, a voice from a lifetime ago, a voice filled with laughter and camaraderie during countless nights spent singing around a crackling campfire. Walt, Eddie's old friend, their former bandmate. The weight of their shared past pressed down on him, a stark reminder of the choices that had led them to this dark confrontation.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Walt stepped forward, his face emerging from the shadows. Gone was the easy grin and mischievous glint in his eyes, replaced by a cold, unforgiving stare. "I know what you're doing, Will," he said, his voice laced with a deadly calm. "And you won't get away with it."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will's mind reeled. Betrayal. Recognition. An old friend turned foe. The weight of the situation pressed down on him, his carefully constructed bravado replaced by a gnawing fear. He had to act, and fast. But before he could formulate a response, Walt lunged forward, his hand outstretched to grab Will's arm. Will instinctively dodged, the fight-or-flight response kicking in. The facade had shattered, and the real battle \endash  for their freedom, for their lives \endash  was about to begin.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}