{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The darkly lit apothecary was filled with the smell of herbs and oils. Eddie pushed the broom over the hardwood floor, the quiet, rhythmic swish reverberating in the motionless store, a lonely sound in a still universe. The shopfront was bathed in lantern light and a candle's subtle dance on the counter as daylight faded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Markus had left a while ago, and Lydia had bid her goodbyes hours earlier. Now, it was just Eddie, enveloped in a space that oscillated between a warm embrace and a suffocating silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He pushed the broom casually, not noticing the dust and crumbs on the floor. He contemplated the pub conversation. Markus's comments hit hard, unfolding slowly like a dream in the night.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie never considered it that way. Each syllable of Markus's remarks stabbed deeper and had an unanticipated weight in his thinking. Envy? Disappointment? Markus had always been there, able to laugh off Eddie's mistakes with a grin and a joke. But this? This seemed unlike him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Since that encounter, Markus's frustrated and vulnerable tone continued to loop in his brain over and over like a broken record. Eddie never realised the impact of his decisions and mistakes on others, leaving traces he never considered. His mind kept thinking about it. Had Markus always been that resentful towards him? Watching him miss opportunities Markus could only dream of?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie came to understand that it was never solely about magic. But of Possibility. Achievement. The sort of future that seemed perpetually out of reach for Markus. And Eddie had allowed it all to slip through his fingers, oblivious to the pain it might inflict on those nearest to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He glanced up at the shelves, curious. Dried herbs, tinctures, and little vials line the walls like troops waiting for a command. Everything had unfolded as a result of his father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s influence\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his father\u8217\'92s enterprise, his father\u8217\'92s aspirations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His father.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie wiped his fingers on his face to erase the shadowy feeling. Mr. Welton was always a dreamer. He lived with serene conviction, never questioning his decisions and constantly encouraging him to fulfil his full potential.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie momentarily rested on the broom, wondering whether it was the bird metaphor should\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve meant. This morning, the Blue Songbird flew. However, his look conveyed an underlying emotion as he watched the bird fly into the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was as if his father had been waiting for Eddie to notice it, to see it as more than just a simple act of freeing a beloved bird. Perhaps it was a sign. A nudge, as Markus had put it. But what was Eddie supposed to do with it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He shifted his gaze to the counter. The waning candlelight danced softly upon the grain of the wood. It stretches its elongated shadows across the gleaming surface of the wood. The apothecary was a small, tranquil refuge, yet it had transformed into a prison of his own design, its walls closing in around him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie saw a shadow as he swept the final shopfront window corner. Under the flickering gas light outside, everything seems odd. Looking up, his breath stopped in his chest}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A hooded figure stared at the apothecary in the faint light of the gas lamp. Eddie tightened his grasp on the broom handle and slowed. Their stance was too steady and purposeful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For a moment, Eddie attempted to ignore his sense of unease. It was late. Maybe a late-night wanderer? Is someone going home? Maybe they were fatigued and lost in thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He focused back on the sweeping, but the unease didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let up. There was something about the way the figure stood. The way their presence seemed to linger a little too long. Eddie\u8217\'92s eyes flickered back to the shadow beneath the lamplight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The figure hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t moved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulse quickened, but he tried to push the feeling away. \u8220\'93Come on, get a grip, god damn it.\u8221\'94 he muttered under his breath. He had enough to worry about\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his father, the shop, Markus\u8217\'92s comment towards him, his own restless thoughts. But still, the figure remained. Silent and unmoving, casting a long shadow on the cobbled street.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, without warning, the figure began to move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Slowly. Methodically. Each stride towards the shop was deliberate and calculated. Eddie's gut wrenched, heart accelerated. The figure vanished. it approached him directly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Slowly. Methodically. Each stride towards the shop was deliberate and calculated. Eddie's gut wrenched, heart accelerated.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie realised the figure was a woman as it approached. Her dark cloak with a deep hood hid her face. He was mainly impressed by her crimson coat below. Red cloth peeping out from black, like a bloodstain in the night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Stable, quiet footfall emanated from the lady. Her speed never slowed as she approached.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He told himself it was nothing. Just a passerby, maybe someone with a message or inquiry. But the way she moved, the cold air around her, it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t normal. It felt... ominous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The lady was now at the shop's doorway, a few feet away. Her black cloak flaps in the wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The lady raised her brass mahogany staff and tapped it gently against the front glass door. The sound echoed through the quiet shop, deliberate and unhurried\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 each tap as methodical as her approach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie hesitated, the broom still in his hand, his body tense, but he forced himself to breathe, to act normal.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 Eddie finally said, his voice polite, though his unease tugged at his words. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re closed. We don\u8217\'92t serve customers at this hour.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Lady in Red Coat was unfazed. She remained motionless. Her eyes were fixated on Eddie through the glass, the night's shadows hiding her face. But not her frightening glint emerald eyes. Her chin rose slightly. She smiled, as if his reaction delighted her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How about an old friend?\u8221\'94 she replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her voice was smooth. It laces with an easy familiarity that sent a shiver down Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie's heart jumped. An old friend? The words were cryptic. Who the hell is she? Someone from his past? A forgotten friend? Eddie doesn't recognise the figure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A dozen names and faces sprang to his mind, but none suited the intriguing lady before him. The question made him choke on his breath. Does he know her?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie froze. Her coldness lingered between them as she stared at him. He opened his mouth to speak. He wanted to remind her that it was late and he couldn't serve anybody. His instincts kept him back. Her words had an intangible pull that compelled him to allow her in and embrace it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A sigh escaped his lips, the resistance fading like a fog lifting. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One more order it is,\u8221\'94 He muttered to himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He turned the lights back on, lighting the apothecary softly. As he lifted the latch and pulled open the door, the storefront echoed its unlocking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Lady in Red Coat entered quietly. The hardwood floor creaked when her boots clicked. She studied the room with her glance without speaking.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie returned to the reception table. Leaning on the counter, he folded his hands and watched her. She exuded calm authority, like she knew something he didn't.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her black, silky cloak trailed after her like a shadow, its edges moving with a subtle charm. Eddie could now see her red coat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 bright and brilliant against the dark, flowing softly over her legs and hinting at her exquisite figure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 under the cloak.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her fingers brushed over a glass jar filled with shimmering blue powder. She touches lightly, testing its weight. She held a few fragile vials of rare tinctures and resins. Eddie noticed her deliberate, slow movements. She seemed in control. Eddie was uneasy about a skilled hand examining the potions and elixirs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As she stopped by a shelf of dried sage and cinnamon sticks, her eyes flicked toward Eddie for the first time, meeting his gaze directly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You run quite an establishment here, Mr Welton,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice soft, deep and yet cutting through the silence like a blade.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie swallowed hard, reflexively standing himself, seeing the contrast between her grace and his slouching. The chamber seemed heavy as she approached, the apothecary's soft hum quieting. Her footsteps resonated like a pulse, infusing the air with an inexplicable energy that made it electric.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He stammered, his usual cheer faltering under her gaze. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How can I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But before he could finish, she raised a gloved hand, and the gracefulness of her movements struck him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have come seeking a matter of great significance,\u8221\'94 she remarked elegantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What... what are you looking for?\u8221\'94 Eddie managed to ask, his heart racing as a mix of curiosity and apprehension bubbled within him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Lady in Red Coat approached, her eyes shining. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am on a quest for that which is truly remarkable, a treasure that dances just beyond the reach of the mundane..\u8221\'94 Her eyes scanned the shelves, examining the various vials and jars. \u8220\'93And I hold a firm belief that it may dwell within your very grasp.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her grin expanded, expressing enjoyment, but her eyes remained intense. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It appears I have stumbled upon the perfect place. Robert Welton is indeed a figure of some renown, yet my curiosity extends beyond merely his talents.\u8221\'94 She approached, her demeanour changing gently as if she were surrounding a valuable information.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie swallowed hard, feeling the tension in the air tighten like a drawn bowstring. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I don\u8217\'92t understand. What is it that you need?\u8221\'94 he stammered, trying to keep his composure. The thought of secrets swirling in the depths of her cloaked figure made him uneasy. He could hear the distant sound of waves crashing against the shore, a reminder of the normalcy that felt like a world away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps you will soon,\u8221\'94 she replied cryptically. The corners of her lips curled into a smile that sent another chill racing through him. \u8220\'93I find myself in possession of a venture that yearns for the deft hand of a master, and I am convinced that the Alchemist residing within these very walls possesses the skill I seek.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The tension hung thick in the air as the Lady in the Red Coat continued to observe Eddie, a knowing glint in her eye that made him feel even more on edge. A slow smirk played on her lips as if she was savouring a delicious secret that only she could fully comprehend.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would like to place an order,\u8221\'94 she proclaimed, her voice flowing with a measured grace. \u8220\'93I seek the fabled Elixir of the illustrious Philosopher\u8217\'92s Stone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank at the mention of the fabled elixir. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no such thing as the Elixir of the Philosopher\u8217\'92s Stone.\u8221\'94 he stammered, his mind racing to process what she was asking. Even the existence of the Philosopher\u8217\'92s Stone was a long-standing myth, its origins shrouded in ambiguity and legend. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, but we don\u8217\'92t have it,\u8221\'94 he said, trying to keep his tone polite but firm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Lady drew nearer, her gaze sharpening with a flicker of intrigue, as curiosity stirred within her heart. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pray tell, what grants you such unwavering confidence in its nonexistence?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because it\u8217\'92s just a myth,\u8221\'94 Eddie replied, his voice trembling as uncertainty gnawed at him. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s never been proven to exist in any real form.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that indeed the case?\u8221\'94 She pressed forth, her smile broadening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie nodded, feeling the heat rise to his cheeks. He wished he could stand taller, and appear more confident, but her presence felt overwhelming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, without a flicker of gaze averted, the Lady drew nearer still. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pray, Dost thou know who I verily am?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie froze, caught off guard by her question. He glanced at the intricate embroidery of her cloak, the vibrant red of her coat, the glimmer of her golden buttons, and the staff she held, which seemed to pulse with an aura of authority. As he took in the details, he felt a shiver run down his spine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At that moment, everything clicked into place, the pieces of the puzzle coming together in a whirlwind of realisation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a Master Alchemist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As the tension in the air thickened, The Lady in Red Coat reached up and slowly lowered her hood. The dim light of the apothecary illuminated her features. It reveals a familiar face that makes Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart skip a beat. Her short, bright red hair framed her face perfectly. Glinting like polished copper in the warm light. High cheekbones accentuated her fair skin, and her striking emerald green eyes sparkled with a mischievous glint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine?\u8221\'94 he exclaimed, his voice a mix of disbelief and confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her elvish ears peeked out from beneath her hair. It adds an ethereal quality to her already captivating appearance. She wore a mischievous smile. One that transformed the atmosphere from ominous to delightfully playful. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Surprise!\u8221\'94 she said, her tone shifting. \u8220\'93Did you really think I was an assassin? Perchance just a very dramatic alchemist?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie blinked in realisation, laughter bubbling up despite the earlier tension. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I swear, every alchemist I\u8217\'92ve met has to act mysterious, shrouded in allegory and cryptic hints, I\u8217\'92m fucking done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine chuckled, her eyes sparkling with humour. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s part of the job description, you know. How else shall we sustain the air of mystery that beckons us forth?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Before he could respond, she stepped forward and enveloped him in a warm hug. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at you! You\u8217\'92ve grown so big! The last time I saw you, you were half this size!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but laugh, the tension evaporating like mist in the morning sun. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m still the same old me, just a bit taller.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How unkind of thee to let slip the memory of your beloved aunt!\u8221\'94 she teased, giving him a mock pout as she stepped back to assess him with a playful glint in her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As Catherine stepped back from the embrace, still chuckling at Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s playful jab, the door to the apothecary swung open once more. In bounded Torrie, Eddie\u8217\'92s little sister, her curls bouncing with every step and her face alight with excitement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine!\u8221\'94 Torrie exclaimed, her voice full of delight as she practically launched herself into a hug.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, well, if it isn\u8217\'92t my favourite niece!\u8221\'94 Catherine announced with exaggerated flair, her light blue eyes twinkling with mischief. With a flourish, she spun Torrie around in a grand gesture before gently placing her back on the ground, tousling Torrie\u8217\'92s hair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You won\u8217\'92t believe it! I spotted Aunt Catherine\u8217\'92s carriage while I was heading home from Aella Academy!\u8221\'94 Torrie jumped in, her excitement practically bubbling over. \u8220\'93So I caught a lift! Catherine totally said I could!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Torrie!\u8221\'94 Eddie let out an exasperated groan, pinching the bridge of his nose. \u8220\'93You really shouldn\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I totally did!\u8221\'94 Torrie wrapped things up with a victorious grin. \u8220\'93Catherine even told me what to get for snacks later!\u8221\'94 She made a face at Eddie, sticking her tongue out before sprinting towards the back room, her laughter echoing in the air behind her. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll stash them in the kitchen!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine let out a laugh, her head shaking in disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s got more energy than a fire-breathing dragon on a rampage.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Just as Eddie was about to respond, the door swung open once more, unveiling Mr. and Mrs. Welton.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes sparkled with delight at the sight of Catherine. \u8220\'93Catherine!\u8221\'94 she called out, her voice filled with warmth and affection as she rushed forward to wrap her in a loving embrace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Welton stepped back, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You appear to have hardly aged a day, just as ever.\u8221\'94 It\u8217\'92s utterly infuriating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s exactly why you hold the title of my favourite younger sister,\u8221\'94 Catherine replied, her smile full of mischief. \u8220\'93I daresay you carry your seventy years with a grace that surpasses anyone I have ever encountered.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Welton rolled her eyes good-naturedly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Flattery will get you nowhere, Cathy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, it always brought me treats when we were young,\u8221\'94 Catherine replied with a playful tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As the two women shared their laughter, Mr. Welton drew near to Catherine, a grin spreading across his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, Catherine! Still as keen as ever, I see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And yet, here you are, still on your feet.\u8221\'94 Catherine smiled, \u8220\'93It seems that alchemy is working its magic on your joints, Robert.\u8221\'94 Catherine remarked with a playful lift of her eyebrow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Welton chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or maybe I\u8217\'92m just that stubborn.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, do not be so humble. You were truly one of my most unforgettable apprentices,\u8221\'94 Catherine remarked, a playful glint in her eye. \u8220\'93I recall the time you mishandled that levitation potion, almost sending the cauldron soaring through the ceiling.\u8221\'94 She crossed her arms and fixed him with a pointed gaze, yet the corners of her mouth betrayed her with the hint of a smile. \u8220\'93And don\u8217\'92t think for a moment that I\u8217\'92m unaware you did it intentionally to catch Alyssa\u8217\'92s attention.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Welton feigned innocence, shrugging his shoulders in mock surrender. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea what you\u8217\'92re talking about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, please.\u8221\'94 Catherine rolled her eyes. \u8220\'93You orchestrated the explosion with such precision that she would come rushing to our aid. And do you know who had to clean up the mess afterward? Me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Welton chuckled softly, her hand delicately covering her mouth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on, is that the reason the cauldron found itself lodged halfway into the ceiling?\u8221\'94 I had always believed it to be merely one of his typical, awkward instances.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I had to make sure she noticed me somehow,\u8221\'94 Mr. Welton admitted with a sheepish grin. \u8220\'93And it worked, didn\u8217\'92t it, Alyssa?\u8221\'94 He glanced at Mrs. Welton, his expression softening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It did,\u8221\'94 she confessed, a gentle smile gracing her lips. \u8220\'93Yet, you felt it necessary to explode the brewing room to capture my notice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine let out a huff, though it was more amused than irritated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You used\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 me}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~as your unwitting accomplice in your courtship shenanigans. The nerve!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She shook her head dramatically. \u8220\'93I should\u8217\'92ve charged you extra for those lessons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And yet,\u8221\'94 Mr. Welton said, his grin widening, \u8220\'93you still wrote me a glowing recommendation to the guild after I finished.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine waved a dismissive hand, though a smile tugged at the corners of her mouth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only because I felt sorry for Alyssa. I figured she deserved a husband who could at least brew a half-decent potion without destroying half the brewing room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The playful banter between them drew laughter from Mrs. Welton, who nudged Catherine lightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Admit it, you\u8217\'92re proud of him. He turned out alright in the end.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Proud?\u8221\'94 Catherine exclaimed with feigned outrage. \u8220\'93I felt a wave of relief wash over me at the thought of not having to contend with him once he had graduated. You cannot fathom the countless moments I wished to transform him into a fish and set him free in the vast ocean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The room filled with lighthearted laughter, the bonds of friendship and family weaving together like the strands of a well-crafted spell. For Eddie, watching them interact felt like a reminder of the strength that came from those connections\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t often realize he needed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At that moment, the apothecary felt alive with magic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not just the kind bottled on shelves, but the kind that lingered in shared memories and warm embraces.}}