{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Upon entering the courtyard, Eddie paused, captured by the enchanting scene before him. The space was a serene haven bursting with colourful flowerbeds of delicate daisies, fragrant lavender, and ethereal bluebells. Some flowers shimmered as if kissed by stardust. At the same time, an aromatic herb garden filled the air with the comforting scents of fresh basil and rosemary. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His gaze was drawn to Catherine. She stood amidst the blooms, wearing a hospital gown that mirrored his own. Her broken alchemical staff, once a ruin after their encounter in the Deep Glaive, had been magically restored. The weld marks hint at her skill. She held it close to the flowers. Eddie watched in awe as the blooms seemed to respond to her presence. Flourishing as if she were watering them with magic. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Catherine gently fed the magical flowers with her energy. They began to bloom even brighter, a testament to her alchemical prowess and deep connection to nature. It was like she was sharing a part of herself with the garden. Fostering growth and vitality in this enchanting space. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie took a step closer, his heart swelling with admiration. Here was Catherine, a master of her craft, weaving her magic into the fabric of life around her. The courtyard felt alive with energy, and all his worries melted away for a moment. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Catherine?" he called softly, breaking the tranquillity. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Edward,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She turned, a warm smile spreading across her face.  \u8220\'93Finally awake?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He couldn't help but smile back, feeling the comfort of their friendship envelop him like a warm embrace. "Yeah, thanks to some good company," he replied. Gesturing toward the vibrant flowers around her. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine chuckled, her eyes sparkling with mischief. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Come, let's go for a walk," Catherine suggested. Her voice light as she began to stroll along one of the winding paths in the courtyard. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie fell in step beside her, taking in the vibrant surroundings. The bubbling water from the fountain filled the air, mingling with the soft rustle of leaves. He turned to Catherine, curiosity bubbling up inside him. "What happened after I passed out? I mean, why did I even pass out in the first place?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine sighed, her expression shifting to something more serious. "You fainted during our walk back. Markus gave you some painkilling sedatives to help with your injuries, but they can only last so long. We thought it best to bring you here for proper care." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they strolled through the courtyard, Eddie and Catherine fell into a rhythm of playful banter. Reminiscent of their earlier days. Though Eddie had matured, he couldn't help but engage in their familiar teasing. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they continued walking through the courtyard. Catherine's expression shifted. A glint of something thoughtful appeared in her eyes. She paused for a moment, looking out at the trees as if she were piecing together a memory. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {"You know," Catherine said casually, leaning against the railing, "I remember when I first arrived in Weshaven. You told me you were off to university\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Edenfield, right? Big dreams and all that."}
\par\plain {"I know, I know," Eddie muttered in frustation, hand running through his hair. "I know I shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have lied. I never went to any university. I didn\u8217\'92t even try. That damn referral letter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 He let out a humorless chuckle. "It doesn\u8217\'92t matter now. It expired weeks ago. Just another thing I let slip through my fingers."}
\par\plain {Catherine tilted her head, studying him, but he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t done.}
\par\plain {"Now, there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nowhere else for me to go but back home," he continued, voice flat. "So that's it. Back to Weshaven, back to the damn apothecary. Making potions and remedies for the rest of my life. Probably going gray behind the counter while Dad tells me how to grind herbs properly." }
\par\plain {Silence stretched between them.}
\par\plain {Then, Eddie exhaled, his shoulders loosening just a little. "But you know," he added, glancing at her, "the past few weeks\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 running around with you, getting into all this mess\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s been the most fun I\u8217\'92ve had in years. Even with the bruises, even with the near-death experiences\u8230\'85 I haven\u8217\'92t felt that thrill, that excitement, since I was a kid doing my first transmutation. So Thank you."}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression softened, but there was a quiet intensity in her gaze. She stepped closer, her voice dropping lower, more serious.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine stood there, her gaze softer than before. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm, I suppose you\u8217\'92re right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked, caught off guard. For a moment, he thought he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d misheard her. Catherine\u8230\'85 agreeing with him? Not pushing, not nudging, not prodding him with yet another half-hearted motivational speech? His confusion deepened as she turned and began walking again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, her voice gentle but steady. \u8220\'93I suppose these past few weeks I\u8217\'92ve been pushing you too hard. \u8216\'91Eddie, why not this, why not that,\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 she added with a faint chuckle, shaking her head. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been so caught up in what I think is best for you that I didn\u8217\'92t stop to think how much it might\u8217\'92ve hurt you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stood rooted to the spot, watching her walk ahead. The words settled over him like a weight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 heavy and suffocating. She had finally given up. After all her pushing, nagging, and coaxing, she was done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And for the first time, the thought of Catherine stopping felt far worse than any of her nagging ever had.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This is it, Eddie thought, his chest tightening. This is how it happens. You stop arguing, you stop trying, and you go back to the apothecary, back to Weshaven, back to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back to a mundane life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned and continued walking, her pace unhurried. Eddie trailed behind her, the weight in his chest growing heavier with every step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing wrong with staying here in Weshaven, I suppose.\u8221\'94 Catherine went on, her voice soft, almost wistful. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s quaint, beautiful, calm. And being an apothecary here, in the middle of all this\u8230\'85 I think there is nothing wrong with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 No}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The word struck him like a thunderclap, reverberating through his entire being.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 No, There is something wrong with that, in fact, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s wrong to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His feet moved before his mind caught up. He stepped forward, his voice rising before he could second-guess himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s wrong for me, Catherine!\u8221\'94 Eddie interrupted, his voice breaking as he stopped in his tracks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stopped and turned, surprised by the sudden outburst.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s wrong for me to just stay here and pretend this is enough,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice trembling. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s wrong for me to give up on Alchemy! Do you know what it feels like to love something so much it\u8217\'92s all you think about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His voice cracked, but he pushed through, the words spilling out as if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been holding them back for years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve spent so much time lying to everyone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 my parents, my friends, you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and pretending I don\u8217\'92t care, but I do. I care so much it hurts. I can\u8217\'92t keep pretending that this\u8230\'85 this little life here in Weshaven is what I want. But It\u8217\'92s not. It\u8217\'92s never been enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes softened, her lips parting as if to speak, but Eddie didn\u8217\'92t let her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you know what\u8217\'92s worst of all?\u8221\'94 His voice dropped to a near-whisper. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been lying to myself. Telling myself I can be happy here, that I can make this work. But I can\u8217\'92t. Because deep down, I know who I am, and I know what I want. I don\u8217\'92t want to be an apothecary. I don\u8217\'92t want to stay in this quiet, deadbeat hamlet, watching the years slip away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked at her, his expression filled with a mixture of desperation and resolve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s wrong for me to give up on my dreams, Catherine. It\u8217\'92s wrong for me to not go to Edenfield.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The courtyard fell silent, save for the faint rustle of leaves in the breeze. Eddie stood there, his chest heaving as if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just run a great distance. For the first time in years, he felt the weight on his shoulders lift, replaced by a flicker of hope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie pressed forward, his steps heavy, his outburst echoing in his own ears. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look back at Catherine, too embarrassed by the rawness he\u8217\'92d just exposed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry for the outburst,\u8221\'94 he muttered, trying to sound nonchalant, though his voice wavered. \u8220\'93But I guess it\u8217\'92s all too late now, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is not,\u8221\'94 Catherine replied firmly, her voice carrying an undeniable conviction as she quickly caught up to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stopped, turning his head just enough to glance at her. He scoffed bitterly, shoving his hands into his pockets. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The recommendation letter for the Sage\u8217\'92s Institute Scholarship has expired, Catherine,\u8221\'94 he said, his tone biting, though the bitterness was clearly aimed at himself. \u8220\'93What should I do? Walk in with an expired recommendation letter from seven years ago and beg for them to take me back?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine grinned slyly, the corners of her mouth quirking up as she tilted her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone playful. \u8220\'93I guess you could make that work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked, caught off guard by her lightheartedness. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before he could finish, Catherine reached into the pocket of her medical gown, her movements deliberate yet casual. From it, she withdrew a gleaming brass card, holding it up between two fingers. The metallic surface caught the sunlight, casting a faint shimmer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed as he focused on the object. He stepped closer, his curiosity overriding his frustration. The brass card bore Catherine\u8217\'92s name etched in elegant script, alongside an intricate alchemical symbol: a circle intertwined with a rectangle and a triangle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell them I sent you,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, her voice steady, almost daring him to argue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie froze, staring at the card, the weight of her words sinking in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine\u8230\'85 what is this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my recommendation,\u8221\'94 she explained, her tone softening. \u8220\'93I may not be the head of the Sage\u8217\'92s Institute, but I\u8217\'92ve got enough credibility in Alchemy circles that they\u8217\'92ll have to think twice before dismissing you. An expired recommendation? That\u8217\'92s nothing. Not when they see this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His fingers twitched, and he reached out hesitantly, as if the brass card might vanish if he moved too quickly. When he finally took it, he felt the cool, smooth metal against his palm. It was heavier than he expected, carrying not just its physical weight but also the weight of her belief in him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8230\'85 you\u8217\'92d really do this for me?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked, his voice barely above a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, her expression softening into something more genuine. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen what you can do, Eddie. I know how much Alchemy means to you. And if you want this, if you really want to go to Edenfield, then I\u8217\'92ll stand by you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat tightened, and for a moment, he couldn\u8217\'92t find the words. He looked at the card again, then back at Catherine, who gave him an encouraging nod.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie held the brass card tightly, a sense of determination reigniting within him. For the first time in years, the dream that felt so distant now seemed just within reach.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}