{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stairs groaned softly, their creaks reverberating in the stillness of the apothecary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton carefully mounted the steps. An attic was reached by a narrow wooden staircase. The polished railings sparkled under her fingertips. A small, circular window at the landing let soft light cast long shadows that danced with her every step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With each step, the town below faded into a whisper of bustling life. Replaced by her son's room's oppressive stillness. As she rose, her free hand gently caressed the coarse wooden walls. She touched the rough spots and gouges, scars from her son's growing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she approached the attic door, a moment of hesitation gripped her. Pausing for a brief moment, she lifted her hand with a touch of uncertainty. The wood stood strong, though it bore the marks of time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton closed her eyes, inhaled deeply, and then rapped softly with her knuckles, the sound a delicate, almost timid knock against the quietude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edward?\u8221\'94 she whispered into the quiet, her voice barely breaking the stillness of the attic. She leaned in.. The other side lingered in their silence. Her brow knitted together, a delicate line appearing between her eyes. She cast a fleeting look at the door handle, an urge to twist it, yet she held back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instead, she knocked again, this time with a deeper intent, the sound echoing more profoundly through the room beyond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence. Thick and unmoving. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Concerned but curious, she turned the handle and opened the door. The familiar scent of Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 salt from the sea breeze. The faint aroma of old parchment and a hint of potion ingredients\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 welcomed her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But something was different. The made bed, usually a tangled mess of blankets and pillows, was a change. The covers were pulled tight. Pillows fluffed and positioned just so as if someone had taken care to leave it in perfect order. Once cluttered with scattered papers, half-opened books, and potion vials, his desk was now arranged in neat stacks. Someone had carefully piled the old, dusty alchemical texts\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a level of care unseen for years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her eyes moved to the window. It was open, letting the golden morning light pour in, warmly bathing the room. The soft murmur of the sea drifted in, accompanied by the cry of gulls. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie was gone, but not in the way he used to disappear into himself. This time, something had changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A soft smile tugged at the corners of her lips. Her heart swelled with quiet joy as she realised what had happened. Eddie had finally woken up\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not just from sleep, but from the fog of despair that had weighed him down for seven years. He had tidied his room, made his bed, and left purposefully. The message, crystal clear, was silent. He was ready to move forward and re-engage with the world outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stood there for a few moments longer, taking it in, feeling pride swell in her chest. Eddie, her boy, was finding his way again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the wall of his room, there is a new calendar, this one is clean, with no mark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a circle on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5th of January, 1928.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was today.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a soft sigh of contentment. She shut the door behind her, allowing the room to be quiet. She turned and made her way downstairs, a little lighter on her feet, a little more at peace, knowing her son was beginning a new chapter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had a day to get on with\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the apothecary to tend to, potions to brew, customers to assist\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but everything seemed just a little brighter now. Eddie had woken up from his long slumber, and that was all she needed to know. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}