{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wooden creak and clacking of horse hoofs filled the journey after Eddie, Torrie, Markus and Catherine boarded the carriage that agreed to take them to Gunther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Farm, that is the northernmost point the carriage is willing to take them.}
\par\plain {Scents of hay and the faint earthy breeze drifting through the open sides of the carriage. Eddie sat quietly, his gaze fixed on the passing fields, The rifle sat leaning on his shoulder. Catherine, ever the scholar, kept stealing glances at the weapon. Finally, her curiosity got the better of her. }
\par\plain {Catherine then reaches her hand to touch one of the engravings.}
\par\plain {But as usual, Eddie swatter her hands away.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Edward.\u8221\'94 Catherine sighed, \u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t I get just a little touch of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, Catherine.\u8221\'94 Eddie reminded, \u8220\'93Dad said so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Humph,\u8221\'94 Catherine said in mock pout, \u8220\'93Have it your way then.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Markus and Torrie laughed at the exchange, but Catherine is far from over, she continued,}
\par\plain {"But I've been meaning to ask about that flintlock of yours. It's not exactly what you see every day, especially for someone helping out at the apothecary." }
\par\plain {"It's more of a hand-me-down, I guess," he sighed, "Back when Weshaven was still full of Streamwyrms, Dad taught my brother Alfred how to use it. Alfred would go into the shore with the others and scare off anything too close to the Apothecary. Sometimes, he'd even shoot them if they were too bold." }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Streamwyrms? What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 Torrie asked,}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s those fishes coming out of the shores every August, remember? Sharp teeth, four legs, you were almost bitten by one last summer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh those!\u8221\'94 Torrie said, \u8220\'93But they are so cute, why did Alfred shoot them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No they aren\u8217\'92t cute, Torrie, they\u8217\'92re pest!\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\i0 Eddie hissed}
\par\plain {Catherine tilted her head, her gaze flicking back to the rifle. "And now? I assume there aren't any Streamwyrms around anymore." }
\par\plain {"Not really," Eddie replied. "They still comes out of the shores every August, since Alfred\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not around, I takes his place, but honestly Markus was much more better shot than me, so I haven't had to use this thing in ages. Honestly, it's just been collecting dust." }
\par\plain {"So why bring it now?" Catherine pressed, a note of curiosity creeping into her tone. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eh,\u8221\'94 Eddie shrugged. "Because it's cool." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You just said that Robert asked you to take it.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\i0 Catherine said}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s still cool nonetheless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since it\u8217\'92s oh so cool,\u8221\'94 Catherine said theatrically, \u8220\'93You would let me touch them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl360\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\i0
\par\pard\plain \sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch {The carriage came to a slow, creaking halt in front of a farmstead, a modest property framed by sprawling fields and a weathered wooden fence. The farmhouse stood stoically against the horizon, its roof patched in places and its walls bearing the marks of years spent braving the elements. A few chickens scattered at the sound of the wheels stopping, clucking indignantly as the group prepared to step down.}
\par\plain {The driver gave the reins a gentle flick. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here we are. Gunther\u8217\'92s Farm. Northernmost point, just like I said.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie was the first to hop off, his boots crunching against the dirt path as he turned to help Torrie down. She leaped with an exaggerated flourish, as if pretending she were dismounting a noble steed. Markus followed, stretching his arms and squinting at the farm with mild curiosity. Catherine climbed down last, brushing her red coat off with an air of elegance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 until the driver called out.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right, miss. That\u8217\'92ll be two silver for the lot of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine froze mid-motion, her hand lingering in her pocket as she turned to the driver with a sheepish smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah\u8230\'85 I think\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The driver looked more unamused.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 seem to have misplaced my coin satchel\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Catherine said, her voice uncharacteristically hesitant. She glanced back at the group. \u8220\'93Eddie, darling,\u8221\'94 she said, flashing an overly sweet smile. \u8220\'93Be a dear and lend me a bit, would you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie looked at Catherine, seemingly taken aback by her uncharastically sweet and regal tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What.\u8221\'94}{ Eddie said}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I misplaced my coin purse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You spent all your coins didn\u8217\'92t you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said I misplaced it. Happens to the best of us, you know.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {Eddie reluctantly dug into his pouch, fishing out two silver coins and handing them to the driver, who nodded in thanks and clicked his tongue to set the horses moving again.}
\par\plain {As the carriage rolled away, Eddie turned to Catherine. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a master alchemist, and you don\u8217\'92t have }{\f0\fs24\i1 two silver}{ to your name?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, \u8220\'93Also I\u8217\'92m not just a Master Alchemist, Edward. I\u8217\'92m a }{\f0\fs24\i1 Travelling}{ Master Alchemist, and that is why I accepted that gig!.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I sometimes wonder how my younger self could even idolise you\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The shout was coarse and sharp. Eddie froze mid-step, his hand instinctively reaching for the flintlock. Ahead, emerging from the hedgerow, was a figure silhouetted by the blinding sun. Short and stocky, the silhouette loomed, holding what looked like a flintlock\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but this one was modified, its barrel adorned with a menacing axe head, gleaming in the harsh light. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re trespassing!\u8221\'94 the voice barked. Gravelly, harsh, and unwavering. \u8220\'93Turn around and leave, or I swear I\u8217\'92ll send you running with a warning shot!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart pounded in his chest. He stepped slightly in front of Torrie, shielding her from the figure\u8217\'92s view. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait,\u8221\'94 Markus said, his voice calm but firm as he raised his hands. \u8220\'93Easy there! We\u8217\'92re just passing through, not looking for trouble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The barrel didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t waver. So does the figure.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay where you are!\u8221\'94 the voice barked. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t trust a word out of you lot. Get the hell off, or things\u8217\'92ll get ugly!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine stepped forward, her hands slightly raised. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, no need to get aggressive,\u8221\'94 she said with forced composure. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re just passing by. We don\u8217\'92t mean you any harm.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The figure\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flintlock muzzle flicked slightly, now pointing toward Eddie. \u8220\'93Then why\u8217\'92s that bugger got his hand on his piece, eh? You think you\u8217\'92re quicker than me, son? Go on. Try it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip tightened on the flintlock, his palm slick with sweat. His throat was dry, his eyes fixed on the dark figure ahead. Every muscle in his body screamed at him to act, but the uncertainty held him in place. Torrie clung to the back of his coat, her breathing quick and shallow.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93E-Eddie?\u8221\'94 Torrie said, trembling.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s alright,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, trying to be composed.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll lower mine,\u8221\'94 the figure growled, \u8220\'93if he lowers his. Right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A tense silence, the only sound the faint rustle of the wind through the hedges. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted to Catherine, waiting for her to say something, to do something. It\u8217\'92s a standoff, and as the figure said\u8230\'85 It might get ugly.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait a second\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Catherine said}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head tilted, her eyes narrowing as she peered closer at the figure. Slowly, her lips parted, and her tense expression gave way to incredulous disbelief. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Gunther?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How\u8217\'92d you know me bloody name\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93 The figure stopped himself. Then finally lowers his flintlock, Eddie sighed a breath of relief, he then lowered his.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The figure walked down the hedge, as the sunlight finally hits him, he could see the man. He was short, burly, has a very thick beard.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d be damned\u8230\'85 Catherine the Elf?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been a while, Gunther Aelfric.\u8221\'94 Catherine smiled}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, isn\u8217\'92t this a surprise,\u8221\'94 Gunther said, leaning his flintlock-axe against the fence post as he scratched his scruffy chin. \u8220\'93Catherine, back on Weshaven after\u8230\'85 what, five years? Ten? What are ya up to these days? Still going off that treasure hunts of yours?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fifteen,\u8221\'94 She answered, \u8220\'93I just meant to stop by, and as you assumed, yes I\u8217\'92m looking after an artefact on the forest up north.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh.\u8221\'94 Gunther\u8217\'92s smile softened, his eyes glinting with genuine warmth. \u8220\'93Well, it\u8217\'92s good to see you again, Kate. Been too long.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His gaze then shifted to the rest of the group, his brows furrowed slightly. His sharp eyes lingered on Eddie and Torrie, then dropped to the flintlock Eddie had on his back. Gunther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression shifted from curiosity to recognition.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold on.\u8221\'94 He squinted, leaning slightly closer. \u8220\'93That flintlock\u8230\'85 that\u8217\'92s Robert Welton\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Umm, yeah.\u8221\'94 Eddie instinctively placed a hand over the weapon. \u8220\'93It is,\u8221\'94 he said carefully.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be damned,\u8221\'94 Gunther muttered, his eyes widening as he stepped back. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re his boy, aren\u8217\'92t you? And her, too\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 he pointed at Torrie with a weathered hand. \u8220\'93Robert\u8217\'92s kids. Eddie and\u8230\'85 uh\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Torrie,\u8221\'94 she said brightly, stepping forward.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course. Eddie and Torrie.\u8221\'94 Gunther chuckled, shaking his head in disbelief. \u8220\'93Well, I\u8217\'92ll be. Last time I saw you two, you were knee-high and causing mischief while your pa and I talked shop.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You knew our dad?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked, a faint note of surprise in his voice.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Knew him? Course I did.\u8221\'94 Gunther\u8217\'92s hand waved toward the flintlock. \u8220\'93Made that beauty for him meself. Custom order\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Robert said he wanted something reliable but sharp enough to scare off those pesky Streamwyrm coming off the shore. That weapon\u8217\'92s got some history, I tell ya.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Gunther then gestured toward the farmhouse behind him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You lot must\u8217\'92ve come all the way from Mariner\u8217\'92s Reach. That\u8217\'92s a long trek just to stop by my place. You\u8217\'92re not thinkin\u8217\'92 of heading straight into the northern forest without even catching your breath, are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, we were\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Catherine said}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a chance. Not on my watch.\u8221\'94 He jabbed his thumb toward the farmhouse. \u8220\'93Come on, let\u8217\'92s get you some food. A hot meal and a proper rest\u8217\'92ll do you good. Besides\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 His grin turned mischievous. \u8220\'93I wanna hear all about whatever wild goose chase Catherine\u8217\'92s dragged you into this time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do you always assume it\u8217\'92s me?\u8221\'94 Catherine said, annoyed.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because it\u8217\'92s }{\f0\fs24\i1 always}{ you, Kate. Now come on.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Gunther said with a wink, already turning toward the farmhouse.}
\par\pard\plain \sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch }