{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The next morning, the stone halls of Edenfield buzzed with life as Eddie, Will, and Ashley made their way toward Professor Rheagan's class in the grand Vulcrum Lecture Hall. The halls, carved from weathered stone and adorned with intricate flourishes, whispered of centuries of scholarship. Sunlight streamed in through high, arched windows, illuminating moss-covered crevices and casting geometric patterns on the polished floors.}
\par\plain {The trio strode through this scene of academic tradition with an unmistakable air of confidence. Will, leading the group, practically radiated swagger, his electric guitar slung casually over his back. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m telling you," he said, gesturing animatedly, "when Rheagan sees what we pulled off, he\u8217\'92s going to write a song about }{\f0\fs24\i1 us}{. 'The Harmonisation Trio,' has a nice ring to it, don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you think?"}
\par\plain {Eddie rolled his eyes but couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t suppress a grin. His unkempt silver hair stuck up in every direction, a testament to the all-nighters they\u8217\'92d pulled. Despite his disheveled appearance, there was a lightness in his step\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a quiet confidence born from knowing they had truly nailed something remarkable.}
\par\plain {Ashley walked beside them, her usual practicality tempered by a rare smirk of satisfaction. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You both look like you\u8217\'92ve crawled out of the swamp,\u8221\'94 she teased, nudging Eddie with her elbow. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m surprised they let you in without a mandatory bath.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie chuckled, adjusting his satchel. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, I might look like I\u8217\'92ve been through hell, but at least I\u8217\'92m confident hell didn\u8217\'92t win.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The trio\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voices mixed with the distant hum of the bustling courtyard outside. Students hurried past them, their robes flowing, but none carried themselves with the quiet triumph of three friends who had faced impossible odds\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and won.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s just hope Professor Rheagan\u8217\'92s in a good mood,\u8221\'94 Ashley muttered, though her smile betrayed her excitement.}
\par\plain {The stone halls of Edenfield University exuded an air of quiet solemnity, their weathered surfaces worn smooth by centuries of time. Moss clung to the cracks in the stone, offering a soft contrast to the towering facades that reached up like ancient sentinels watching over the lives that passed beneath them.}
\par\plain {Eddie, Will, and Ashley walked together towards the Vulcrum Lecture Hall, the echoes of their footsteps mingling with the soft murmur of students filling the courtyard. The sun filtered through the high windows, casting a warm glow over the grand stone architecture. Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s electric guitar bag swung against his back as he hummed along, his usual swagger in full display. Though Eddie and Will hadn\u8217\'92t seen a shower in days, their confidence was unmistakable. They had conquered the Harmonisation Ritual\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nothing could take that from them now.}
\par\plain {As they passed through the courtyard, a familiar voice broke through the calm.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at here,\u8221\'94 Christine\u8217\'92s voice oozed with smugness. Perched atop the low stone wall with her two companions, Geralt and Dominic, she surveyed the three of them with a predator\u8217\'92s gaze. Her posture was immaculate, exuding both power and disdain. \u8220\'93The Nepotistic Alchemist, the bard, and the filthy witch. Having fun in Edenfield so far?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Her eyes gleamed with that quiet yet undeniable air of authority, and even though she stood high above them on the stone wall, it was clear she felt untouchable.}
\par\plain {Eddie, now feeling emboldened by his recent success, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but throw back a challenge. \u8220\'93Yeah, so much fun.\u8221\'94 He shot her a teasing grin, the smirk playing on his lips as he added, \u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t know jealousy was part of the curriculum here. But hey, if you\u8217\'92re offering free lessons, we\u8217\'92re all ears.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Christine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smirk faltered, her eyes narrowing as she gracefully stepped down from the wall and approached the group. \u8220\'93Maybe you should stick to your little poor villages and leave the real magic to those who are worthy to handle it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t flinch. \u8220\'93At least our villages were using practical learned magic.\u8221\'94 His voice was sharp, cutting. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d rather struggle learning this kind of magic than coast through with daddy's gold. At least our achievements will be our own, not handed to us on a silver platter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley, trailing behind Eddie, felt her heart skip a beat. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if she should be proud or worried\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eddie\u8217\'92s quick wit had a way of making the situation ten times worse. Will, on the other hand, was grinning like a cat that had just found a particularly plump mouse. He couldn\u8217\'92t tear his eyes away from the verbal sparring; this was better than any show.}
\par\plain {Christine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s composure finally cracked, and the venom in her words made the air around them practically sizzle. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll see, Welton. When it comes to the final exams, we\u8217\'92ll leave you and your sorry excuses for a basic Harmonisation Ritual in the dust.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie stepped closer, his stance unshakable. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll see, Christine. But remember\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s not the wand that makes the wizard, it\u8217\'92s this.\u8221\'94 He tapped his temple, his finger pressing into his head for emphasis. \u8220\'93And from where I\u8217\'92m standing, you\u8217\'92re running on empty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Christine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flared with fury. Her grip tightened on her staff, which began to glow a brilliant shade of blue\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an unmistakable sign that she was ready to strike. But before she could take action, Eddie didn\u8217\'92t flinch. He simply walked past her, heading toward the lecture hall with an air of casual indifference.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anyway,\u8221\'94 Eddie called back over his shoulder with a final jab, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll see you later during the finals presentation. Hope for the best for you and your grand \u8216\'91Elven\u8217\'92 rune.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Christine stood there, seething in silence, her hands still gripped around her staff. But she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her temper had reached its limit, and any further escalation would have been beneath her.}
\par\plain {As Eddie, Will, and Ashley disappeared through the grand wooden doors of the lecture hall, the tension in the courtyard seemed to dissolve. The three of them exchanged a look\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 part disbelief, part satisfaction. The brief encounter with Christine had been intense, but the playful defiance had felt invigorating.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whew, that was close,\u8221\'94 Ashley said under her breath, still processing the exchange.}
\par\plain {Will chuckled, slinging his guitar bag back over his shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Close? We totally nailed it. Christine\u8217\'92s not gonna know what hit her come finals.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie just smiled, his mind still buzzing from the confrontation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but I think we\u8217\'92ve made an enemy for life. Ah well, no one said this university thing would be easy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {With that, the trio entered the lecture hall, their spirits lifted and their resolve even stronger, ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead.}
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain {The lecture hall was quiet, save for the occasional rustle of papers and the soft murmur of students settling into their seats. The stone walls, lined with ancient banners and the faint smell of old books, created a cool, serene atmosphere.}
\par\plain {Eddie, Will, and Ashley found their seats towards the middle of the hall, each in a state of exhaustion after their sleepless night.}
\par\plain {Ashley had her head resting on her hand, eyes half-closed, occasionally stifling a yawn as she tried to stay alert. She was still riding the high of their successful ritual but could feel the weight of sleepiness creeping in. Her mind wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fully with her, and her thoughts wandered in a haze.}
\par\plain {Will, ever the restless soul, had leaned back in his seat, his guitar bag resting on the floor beside him. His eyes were closed, and soon enough, his head drooped forward as he dozed off, the faintest snore escaping his lips.}
\par\plain {Eddie, meanwhile, was staring blankly ahead, his mind drifting elsewhere. The events of the past few days were swirling in his thoughts\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everything from the Harmonisation Ritual to his heated exchange with Christine. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shake the weight of the upcoming exam and the pressure that loomed over him. His gaze was distant, the world around him becoming a blur as he lost himself in his own thoughts.}
\par\plain {Then, a deep, booming voice broke the silence and startled everyone awake.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good morning, students!\u8221\'94 Professor Rheagan\u8217\'92s voice echoed throughout the hall, commanding attention with its warm, deep resonance. His presence filled the space, and the familiar sight of the elderly professor in his long robes caused the students to sit up straighter.}
\par\plain {Beside him stood the imposing figure of Wizard Aelfric, the Chancellor of Edenfield University. His sharp eyes scanned the room, exuding an aura of power and experience. His robes were immaculate, and his presence alone seemed to carry the weight of centuries.}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head jerked up as the booming voice of Professor Rheagan pierced his dreams, jolting him awake. He rubbed his eyes, still disoriented from his nap, and quickly straightened in his seat. Beside him, Eddie snapped out of his daydreaming, blinking rapidly as his attention was pulled back to the lecture hall.}
\par\plain {Professor Rheagan gave a hearty chuckle, nodding towards the students. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see some of you are a bit tired,\u8221\'94 he said with a knowing smile. \u8220\'93Well, it\u8217\'92s been a long road to get here. But congratulations to all of you who have made it this far. Today marks the final step in your journey through the foundational magic course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie and Ashley shared a brief glance, the exhaustion still heavy in their eyes, but there was a spark of determination in both of them. Will wiped a yawn from his mouth, still trying to fully wake up.}
\par\plain {Professor Rheagan paused for a moment, allowing the students to process the gravity of the day. Then, he gestured to Aelfric, standing tall next to him.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m pleased to announce that we are also joined by none other than Wizard Aelfric himself, the Chancellor of Edenfield University. He has graciously agreed to observe the finals today,\u8221\'94 Professor Rheagan continued, his voice tinged with pride. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure he\u8217\'92s eager to see how you all handle the challenges ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The room fell silent for a moment as students exchanged nervous glances. Aelfric\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reputation preceded him. To have him present for their exams was both an honor and an intimidating prospect.}
\par\plain {Ashley, still fighting off sleep, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but sit up straighter at the mention of Aelfric\u8217\'92s name. Will, now fully awake, gave a small smirk, clearly impressed by the unexpected turn of events. Eddie, however, felt his heart skip a beat. This was no longer just about passing a test\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was about performing in front of the very heart of Edenfield\u8217\'92s magic establishment.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t let the pressure get to you,\u8221\'94 Professor Rheagan said with a wink, his voice softening. \u8220\'93This is your time to shine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie took a deep breath, adjusting in his seat as the finality of the moment sank in. He exchanged a glance with Will and Ashley, the weight of the upcoming challenge making them all stand a little taller, despite their exhaustion.}
\par\plain {With Aelfric watching, and their final exams on the horizon, they knew that this would be a day they wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t soon forget.}
\par\plain {The room had quieted to a tense stillness as Wizard Aelfric stood at the front, his presence overwhelming. Every pair of eyes in the lecture hall was fixed on him. The Chancellor, a figure of authority and immense power, was about to speak, and there was a palpable sense of anticipation in the air.}
\par\plain {Aelfric\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze swept across the room, his sharp eyes lingering on each student, taking in their nervous energy. He was a man who had seen countless generations of students face challenges like this, and his calm, unshakable demeanor was a stark contrast to the anxiety that swirled in the air.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First-year students,\u8221\'94 Aelfric began, his voice deep and resonant, \u8220\'93today you stand on the precipice of something greater than what any classroom or lecture can provide. Today, you will show the world what you are capable of\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 your skills, your knowledge, your determination. And more importantly, you will show yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The words hung in the air, settling over the students like a warm blanket, though the anxiety in the room remained. The students exchanged nervous glances, their hearts pounding in their chests.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But,\u8221\'94 Aelfric continued, his gaze shifting to the group of Master Mages seated at the front, their quills poised and ready to write. \u8220\'93You need not be afraid. Do not let the pressure of this moment overwhelm you. Do not let the Master Mages intimidate you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He gestured toward the group of solemn figures, their sharp eyes constantly scanning and judging the students\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 every move. The Mages sat with their books open, scribbling notes in perfect synchronicity, their pens never pausing as they observed.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do not let their presence cause you to falter,\u8221\'94 Aelfric\u8217\'92s voice took on a reassuring tone. \u8220\'93They are here to watch, to guide you through this process. But remember\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this is not about them. This is about you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The room was silent now, save for the soft scratching of the Mages\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 quills as they continued to write. Eddie felt the weight of the gaze of those Mages upon him, but Aelfric\u8217\'92s words helped loosen the tension in his chest.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are not here to perform for them, nor are you here to meet their expectations,\u8221\'94 Aelfric continued, his gaze now focused on each individual student. \u8220\'93You are here to perform for yourselves. This is your ritual, your moment. So, perform as if they are not there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 write your magic as though the Master Mages are mere spectators, and their reports are not even worth your attention.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {There was a slight chuckle from the students at this, the tension in the room easing as they processed Aelfric\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words. Eddie felt his shoulders relax a little. It was as if the Master Mages, once towering and intimidating, had now become little more than background figures in the greater scheme of things.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Master Mages will write, and they will judge. But it is you who will do the magic,\u8221\'94 Aelfric said, his voice now steady and warm. \u8220\'93So, do not worry. Do not panic. Just focus on what you\u8217\'92ve learned. Trust in your training, and let the magic flow from within you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He paused, and for a moment, there was no sound in the room at all. Aelfric\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze softened, and he gave the students a slight, encouraging nod.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are ready,\u8221\'94 he said simply. \u8220\'93Now go, and show us what you can do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The words were like a spark, igniting a surge of confidence in the students. The pressure seemed to lift, if only slightly, and the weight of the final exam was no longer an insurmountable wall. It was just another step in the journey.}
\par\plain {Aelfric\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes moved over the crowd one last time, his voice echoing in the silent hall as he spoke his final words for the moment.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good luck, first-years. Make it count.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {With that, he stepped back, and the room seemed to collectively exhale. The students, including Eddie, Will, and Ashley, sat up straighter, ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead.}
\par\plain {They weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t alone. Not with the reassurance of the Chancellor\u8217\'92s words and the support of their peers. They could do this.}
\par\plain {The hum of quiet conversations died down as Professor Rheagan, with his usual composed demeanor, leaned in and whispered something to the Master Mages seated at the front of the hall. They nodded in unison, readying their quills and notes, their eyes scanning the room. The students, now on edge with anticipation, could feel the weight of the moment pressing in, the start of the exam looming large.}
\par\plain {Rheagan straightened, his voice cutting through the silence.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who would like to go first?\u8221\'94 he asked, his tone casual yet laced with the subtle authority that commanded attention. He looked out over the room, his eyes sweeping across the students.}
\par\plain {It was no surprise when Christine, always eager to showcase her abilities, raised her hand without hesitation, followed by her two companions, Geralt and Dominic. They had always been the first to volunteer in every class, always confident in their skills, always prepared.}
\par\plain {Christine stood with the poise of someone who was used to commanding attention, her staff held firmly in hand, her posture regal. She walked forward with an air of grace, as if the very act of taking her place at the center of the room was a performance in itself.}
\par\plain {Her harmonization ritual was nothing short of mesmerizing. As she began, the magic she wove into the air seemed to dance with effortless elegance, like an ancient, flowing river. The water, stone, and seed came together in a perfect, synchronized dance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nothing rushed, nothing forced. Every element harmonized so fluidly, so beautifully, that it was like watching the magic breathe on its own. The stone pulsed with life as it absorbed the energy, and the seed unfurled slowly, delicately, blossoming into a flower so ethereal, it seemed to shimmer with an inner light.}
\par\plain {Christine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ritual was the very picture of elven sophistication. The magic had an elegance to it, refined and deeply rooted in tradition, as though it had been perfected over centuries.}
\par\plain {Professor Rheagan, ever the traditionalist, leaned forward, a pleased smile tugging at his lips as he watched. His praise was immediate and heartfelt.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very good, Christine,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice warm with approval. \u8220\'93Traditional, well-executed. A perfect demonstration of what we\u8217\'92ve taught you. Elegance and precision, always the mark of a true practitioner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The students murmured in appreciation, some nodding to each other, clearly impressed by the seamless execution. The Master Mages scribbled in their books, their expressions inscrutable as they took note of every detail.}
\par\plain {But despite the praise and the admiring glances, Wizard Aelfric, standing beside Professor Rheagan, remained stoic. His gaze was unwavering, his face unreadable as he observed the ritual. There was no shift in his expression, no sign of approval or criticism. He was simply watching, observing with the quiet intensity of someone who had seen it all before.}
\par\plain {Christine finished with a flourish, the flower now fully bloomed before her. She stood for a moment, basking in the glow of her success. Her eyes briefly flickered toward Eddie, Will, and Ashley, a subtle smirk tugging at the corner of her lips as if daring them to follow that.}
\par\plain {Professor Rheagan clapped his hands lightly, his approval evident.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excellent, Christine. A display of control and finesse. Well done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The rest of the room seemed to exhale collectively, as if they had all been holding their breath, awaiting the outcome. But Aelfric\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze, as always, remained impassive.}
\par\plain {Christine returned to her seat, and the air of quiet expectation fell once more. The stage was set, and now it was time for the next student to step up, but there was no denying that Christine had left an impression. Would anyone else be able to match her?}
\par\plain {The room fell into a brief, heavy silence after Christine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flawless performance, the students seemingly lost in their thoughts or battling their own nerves. The Master Mages scribbled in their books, some nodding at the display of magic, others perhaps too absorbed in their assessments to show any outward emotion. The weight of expectation hung thick in the air, but no one else seemed eager to step forward.}
\par\plain {Professor Rheagan, always the facilitator, glanced out over the room, waiting for someone to volunteer. His gaze lingered over the students, but nobody raised their hands. He cleared his throat gently, the sound breaking the silence like the soft chime of a bell.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anyone? Who\u8217\'92s next?\u8221\'94 he asked, his tone as casual as ever, though there was an undercurrent of patience worn thin.}
\par\plain {No one spoke up. The tension stretched longer, and a few students shuffled nervously, avoiding eye contact.}
\par\plain {Christine, unable to hide her annoyance, scoffed audibly, her voice laced with disdain. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the matter? You all too scared to go? Pathetic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Her words, sharp and dismissive, only seemed to tighten the tension further. The students shifted uncomfortably in their seats, each one secretly hoping that someone else would step forward.}
\par\plain {Will, still groggy and fighting to keep his eyes open, muttered in a hushed tone to Eddie and Ashley. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should just go last... I mean, I can barely keep my eyes open. Maybe if we go last, I can get a little more sleep before the big moment.\u8221\'94 His voice was laced with the weariness that came from the all-nighter they\u8217\'92d pulled, his head barely staying up as he looked at Eddie, then at Ashley.}
\par\plain {Eddie, who had been spacing out, his mind drifting elsewhere, blinked back to attention. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know... I think we shouldn\u8217\'92t rush it,\u8221\'94 he said, stretching his arms. \u8220\'93Maybe if nobody volunteers, then we go. But if someone else steps up, we should wait.\u8221\'94 He didn\u8217\'92t want to jump the gun too early; there was something about the moment that felt... fragile. It wasn\u8217\'92t just about the ritual anymore, it was about timing, about showing confidence without rushing into it.}
\par\plain {Ashley, on the other hand, had had enough of the drawn-out suspense. She glanced around at the group, the impatience bubbling up inside her. The waiting, the tension\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was all too much. She was ready for this to end, one way or another.}
\par\plain {Without a second thought, her hand shot up into the air, startling both Eddie and Will.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll go,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice resolute. The moment her hand was raised, Eddie and Will looked at her in surprise. She hadn\u8217\'92t even hesitated, just threw herself into the thick of it.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93Wait, you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will, blinking in confusion, mumbled, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, Ashley... you\u8217\'92re really doing this now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze was unwavering, her eyes focused on the front of the room as she stood. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m done waiting. It\u8217\'92s just... let\u8217\'92s get this over with.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She was already walking forward before Eddie could protest further, her movements deliberate, her decision final. Eddie glanced at Will, who was still half asleep and clearly not expecting this turn of events. Will yawned and rubbed his eyes, still processing the fact that Ashley had volunteered without any of their input.}
\par\plain {Professor Rheagan, who had been silently observing the room, smiled warmly as he saw Ashley step forward. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, Miss Mayfair. Stepping up, are we? Very well. The stage is yours.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The other students watched as Ashley made her way to the center, her confidence radiating as she moved. Eddie and Will exchanged looks, both unsure whether to feel impressed or worried. They had no idea what Ashley was going to do, but they knew one thing: this was definitely going to be a performance to remember.}
\par\plain {With a final, deep breath, Ashley readied herself, the weight of the ritual ahead pressing down on her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t backing down now.}
\par\plain {The air in the lecture hall felt thick with anticipation, the usual hum of whispers and shuffling footsteps replaced by an eerie silence as the three of them made their way toward the front. Each step toward the rune-covered floor seemed to amplify the tension, but it was far from solemn. Instead, the only sound that echoed through the room was the bickering of Eddie, Will, and Ashley.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seriously, Ashley, why now?\u8221\'94 Eddie\u8217\'92s voice cut through the stillness, his eyes wide with disbelief. \u8220\'93You couldn\u8217\'92t just wait? We could\u8217\'92ve gone last! There\u8217\'92s no reason to rush into it now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will, still half-asleep and clearly not enjoying the situation, chimed in with a yawn. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, we were fine with taking the last spot. But no, you just had to throw your hand up like that. Now we have to do this in front of }{\f0\fs24\i1 everyone}{.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley, clearly not in the mood to entertain their complaints, just shook her head as they continued their chatter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I couldn\u8217\'92t stand the waiting, alright? The suspense was killing me. Let\u8217\'92s just get it over with.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Professor Rheagan and Wizard Aelfric exchanged glances as they watched the trio argue in the middle of the room. The Master Mages, with their serious expressions and pens poised over their books, were barely reacting to the exchange\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 though their eyes were sharp, observing every moment of it with quiet interest. The spectacle of the three students, arguing like they were still in the dormitory, was not lost on them.}
\par\plain {Will shot a glance at the Master Mages, realizing how out of place their antics were. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great, we\u8217\'92re getting judged by }{\f0\fs24\i1 them}{ and we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re still arguing,\u8221\'94 he muttered under his breath, slouching slightly as he followed Ashley.}
\par\plain {Eddie sighed, his irritation softening as he looked around the lecture hall. It was now or never. "Alright, alright. But you better not screw this up, Ash," he muttered.}
\par\plain {Ashley, completely unfazed, stopped once they reached the marked floor. She turned to Professor Rheagan, her voice firm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Professor, we might need a few minutes to prepare,\u8221\'94 she said, though her tone carried none of the uncertainty she might have felt.}
\par\plain {Professor Rheagan nodded with a faint smile, clearly accustomed to this kind of situation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take your time,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You have all the time you need.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Without hesitation, Will and Eddie dug into their bags, pulling out small pieces of witch chalk that Ashley had handed them. They worked in tandem, with Eddie marking the edge of the circle while Will drew the complex runes on the matte floor. The runes glowed faintly as their hands moved with practiced ease, each stroke precise and deliberate, as if they had done this a hundred times before. It was clear to anyone watching that they were well-rehearsed, despite the chaos of their earlier exchange.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah, take your time,\u8221\'94 Christine muttered from the side, crossing her arms with a scoff. She watched them closely, her eyes narrowing. \u8220\'93Outdated. So traditional,\u8221\'94 she remarked, her voice dripping with sarcasm.}
\par\plain {Dominic, one of her groupmates, leaned in, his eyes scanning the ritual circle as if trying to make sense of it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait a second,\u8221\'94 he murmured. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not just a witch circle. Those runes\u8230\'85 they\u8217\'92re Dwarven.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Christine turned to him sharply. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dwarven? Are you sure?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Dominic nodded, his eyes still on the floor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Those are definitely Dwarven runes... and look,\u8221\'94 he pointed at a few of the runes that Eddie and Will had etched into the circle, \u8220\'93they\u8217\'92ve got an alchemical approach to them. The whole structure\u8217\'92s not just about summoning energy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s about transforming it. That\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 that\u8217\'92s not what I was expecting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Christine frowned, clearly taken aback by the unexpected depth of their ritual. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think this will work?\u8221\'94 she sneered. \u8220\'93What, you\u8217\'92re going to }{\f0\fs24\i1 combine}{ Dwarven magic with witchcraft and Alchemy?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Geralt, who had been standing off to the side, simply shrugged and looked at Christine. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re here to watch, not argue.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Christine huffed, clearly still uncertain, but she kept her mouth shut. The tension between the groups was palpable, but all eyes were now on Eddie, Will, and Ashley.}
\par\plain {The trio finished their work, their ritual circle now complete, the lines glowing faintly with power. The air around them felt charged, and the subtle hum of magic could be felt beneath their feet. The Master Mages, though seemingly unaffected, were now watching more intently. Even Wizard Aelfric, the ever-immovable figure, leaned in slightly, observing with an unreadable expression.}
\par\plain {Eddie, his hand resting lightly on the edge of the ritual circle, looked up at Professor Rheagan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re ready,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice calm, though there was an edge of nervousness buried beneath it.}
\par\plain {Professor Rheagan gave them a nod, his eyes filled with a quiet approval. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very well. Proceed when ready.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley took a deep breath, positioning herself at the center of the circle, her expression focused. Will stood next to her, a faint smirk on his face as he surveyed the room. Eddie, feeling the weight of the moment, followed suit, stepping into position as well.}
\par\plain {The stage was set. The ritual had begun.}
\par\plain {The silence in the lecture hall was thick with anticipation, broken only by the sound of Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chord, which resonated through the room like a quiet earthquake, setting the stage for something greater. Eddie, his heart racing, adjusted his grip on his wand. His fingers, though exhausted from the strain of the past weeks, were still steady, their purpose unwavering. Next to him, Ashley\u8217\'92s fingers tightened around the familiar staff, her lips moving in quiet rhythm with the spell, the incantation barely audible but carrying weight in the air. Will, usually the carefree spirit, stood unusually still. His usual playful energy was replaced by an almost meditative calm, as his fingers hovered over the strings of his lute.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ready?\u8221\'94 Ashley\u8217\'92s voice was soft, her eyes meeting Eddie\u8217\'92s with a mixture of determination and nervousness. The weight of the moment hung heavy in the air, an invisible tension that wrapped around them like a cloak.}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded, his expression serious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s make it count.\u8221\'94 He could feel the weight of the moment\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the expectations of the Master Mages, the pressure of their ritual, but above all, the thrill of it. This was their chance, and he wasn\u8217\'92t about to let it slip away.}
\par\plain {Will strummed a single, clear chord, the sound filling the space and vibrating in their bones. It was the signal. Eddie pointed his wand forward, his focus razor-sharp as he pulled energy into the circle, channeling it with all the care and precision he could muster. Ashley, just behind him, tapped the center of the rune with her staff, grounding herself in the magic as it swirled around them.}
\par\plain {The room, which had been so still moments ago, seemed to inhale, holding its breath as the ritual began. The air shimmered with power, a soft, almost imperceptible glow beginning to pulse from the ritual circle. It spread slowly, cautiously, as though it was feeling its way through the world. The stone beneath their feet shimmered faintly, the surface warming with the rising magic, and soon, the water that had been perfectly still in the ritual circle began to ripple. The droplets lifted, defying gravity, swirling in delicate arcs around the seed that sat at the center of the circle.}
\par\plain {Then, the seed quivered, a soft tremor running through it. The three of them froze, their eyes locked on the small, fragile seed in the center. The air felt charged, as if the world was waiting. And then, in a moment that seemed to stretch into eternity, a faint green tendril unfurled from the seed. It spiraled upward with a slow, deliberate grace, fragile yet full of purpose, reaching toward the glowing stone beneath it.}
\par\plain {The stone beneath them responded, its glow intensifying, veins of light spreading outward across the surface like the roots of a tree finding their path. The water droplets danced, following the rhythm of the growing tendril, spiraling and twisting around it, feeding it with liquid light. It was as though life itself had been summoned from the earth and water, weaving together to create something new.}
\par\plain {The tendril grew stronger, thickening as it reached upward. The three of them held their breath in unison as the stem stretched higher, twisting and turning with an elegant fluidity. The flower that blossomed from it was like nothing any of them had ever seen. Its petals were translucent, catching the light and shifting in hues of gold, violet, and emerald, as though they captured the very essence of the sunrise itself. The colors seemed to pulse and shift, ever-changing, as if alive.}
\par\plain {A soft hum filled the air, reverberating through their bones, a sound so gentle yet so powerful. It was a melody\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 alive and pure. The sound surrounded them, as if the flower itself was singing. And as it did, the grass and moss beneath their feet began to spread, creeping across the stone surface, climbing up the edges of the rune circle, spilling out onto the stone floors of the lecture hall, even reaching the seats of the front row. It was as though the very earth was responding to the magic, as if the ritual had breathed life into everything around them.}
\par\plain {Professor Rheagan, usually so composed, stood frozen, his eyes wide in awe. He had seen many rituals in his time, but this one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 this was different. Mesmerized, his gaze never left the flower, the tendril, the pulse of the magic that seemed to reach out to him, drawing him in. It was unlike anything he had ever seen, and for a brief moment, his calm demeanor wavered. The Master Mages, who had been scribbling feverishly in their books just moments before, had stopped entirely. Their quills hung in the air, forgotten, as they too watched in wonder.}
\par\plain {And then there was Wizard Aelfric.}
\par\plain {His usual stoic expression softened, the corners of his lips turning up slightly as he watched the ritual unfold. His eyes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 usually so calculating, so impossible to read\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 were wide with interest. This group\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 they had done something unexpected. Something extraordinary.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he began, his voice slow, filled with thought, \u8220\'93a very interesting approach to the problem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His gaze shifted from the flower, the ritual circle, to the students standing before him. Eddie, Will, and Ashley were too absorbed in the magic they were weaving to notice, but Aelfric\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s interest was palpable. \u8220\'93I would like to see how this goes,\u8221\'94 he murmured, his tone almost appreciative, though still retaining the distance of a scholar. His fingers tapped lightly against the armrest of his seat, as though pondering what to say next.}
\par\plain {In that moment, it was clear that whatever had just happened in the ritual circle was not just a display of raw magical talent. It was something deeper, more layered, something that had caught the attention of the most powerful figures in the room.}
\par\plain {As the last shimmer of light faded from the ritual circle, Eddie, Will, and Ashley slowly opened their eyes, their hearts still racing from the intensity of the ritual. Their gazes locked onto the flower that had blossomed before them, a second rare bloom emerging from the stone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a flower even more dazzling than the first. It was as though the ritual had given birth to something entirely new, something that hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been seen before. The petals shimmered with colors even more vibrant, a mix of soft pinks, fiery oranges, and deep blues that seemed to pulse with a life of their own. But that was not all.}
\par\plain {The stone beneath them, which had been bare and cold only moments ago, was now covered in thick, verdant grasses and delicate moss. It spread across the floor of the Vulcrum Lecture Hall, its rich green color stark against the dull gray stone. The moss even crawled along the edges of the seats in the front row, as though nature itself had taken root, responding to the life they had just created.}
\par\plain {For a moment, everything was still. The air was thick with magic and wonder, and the entire hall seemed to hold its breath.}
\par\plain {Professor Rheagan blinked, his lips slightly parted in surprise. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t often that he was taken off guard, but this\u8230\'85 this was extraordinary. He had expected a solid performance, perhaps even a traditional one, but this? This was something else entirely. A smile tugged at the corner of his lips, though his professional composure held.}
\par\plain {Wizard Aelfric\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze, however, was fixed entirely on the result. His usually stoic demeanor had softened, his eyes gleaming with unspoken intrigue. His mouth opened, but for a moment, he said nothing, simply watching the scene unfold before him. Finally, he spoke, his voice filled with measured admiration.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well done,\u8221\'94 he said, nodding. \u8220\'93You may return to your seats.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Their names seemed to linger in the air even after the words had been spoken. Eddie, Will, and Ashley exchanged a glance, their exhaustion momentarily forgotten in the wake of their success. The gravity of what they had just accomplished settled in their chests, and with it, a wave of pride. Slowly, they turned and made their way back through the lecture hall, their feet light despite the weight of what they had just done.}
\par\plain {As they passed by Christine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seat, Eddie noticed her, her usually sharp and confident gaze now wide with disbelief. Her eyes flicked from the glowing flower to the moss that had overtaken the stone floor and back to the three of them. She looked like she had seen a ghost, her lips parted slightly, her brow furrowed in confusion.}
\par\plain {"How the hell did that piece of jumbled mess work?" Christine muttered under her breath, just loud enough for them to hear. She stared at the flower, then at the moss, as though trying to unravel some impossible puzzle in her mind. "That shouldn't have worked," she said again, her tone full of bafflement and frustration.}
\par\plain {Eddie, Will, and Ashley didn't respond. There was no need. The results spoke for themselves.}
\par\plain {As they made their way back to their seats, the Master Mages at their desks were scribbling in their books, their quills pausing every now and then to glance up at the unusual display. Even from the back of the hall, it was clear that their interest had been piqued. Their expressions were a mix of curiosity and deep contemplation. Whatever they had expected from this year's finals, this performance had certainly exceeded it.}
\par\plain {As Eddie sat back down, he felt the weight of their eyes, the intensity of their judgment, but also something more. A sense of accomplishment. For the first time, he realized just how far he had come since stepping into Edenfield, how much he had grown. But more than that, he realized that this was just the beginning. What they had done today was only a glimpse of the possibilities that lay ahead. }}