{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {As her eyes fluttered open, they were met with a clinical glare of a glass panel. Beyond it, strange, jagged rock formations hung, glistening with a faint, blue light. A shiver, profound and unnatural, traced a path down her spine. It was a deep, internal chill, a sense of misplacement that went straight to her soul. She tried to sit up, but her limbs responded with a disconcerting lack of sensation, moving with a precision that felt foreign. Her gaze fell upon her own hand. Her fingers were a seamless blend of gleaming chrome and porcelain-like material, the light from the lab glinting off polished metal that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bouncing off the golden accents of her foreign body.}
\par\plain {Panic began to prick at the edges of her awareness. She pushed herself up, the movement unnervingly effortless. The world outside her pod was a cavernous laboratory, a strange fusion of nature and technology where stalactites descended towards workstations and computer consoles. Papers scattered throughout the floor, office chairs fell down and rusts envelops some of the exposed metals. She has was no memory of this place. In fact, there was nothing at all. Her mind was a blank slate, a void where her life should have been. Frantically, her eyes flickered around the small enclosure, searching for a clue, }{\f0\fs24\i1 something}{, anything to anchor her to reality, of what is happening to her. Of what is happening to the world. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when she saw it. Etched onto a metal plate on the side of the cryostatic pod was a single, stark phrase: "}{\f0\fs24\i1 Project Aruna.}{" Aruna. The name felt foreign, yet it was the only thing she had. Clinging to it, Aruna looked at her hands, a terrifying understanding dawning in her silent, sterile prison. She was a project, a thing remade in a cave of steel and stone, and the girl she might have been was gone forever.}}