{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air between them crackled with unresolved tension. Torrie seized the moment, her frustration bubbling over. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re seriously not going to say anything about it? You\u8217\'92ve just gone quiet again. Don\u8217\'92t you care?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie, still processing the shot, struggled to find the right words. He opened his mouth, then closed it again, trying to make sense of everything. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Torrie. It\u8217\'92s not that it doesn\u8217\'92t fascinate me,\u8221\'94 Eddie said finally, his voice strained. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s just... nothing else to discuss. I don\u8217\'92t know what else to say about her.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression shifted from frustration to something more accusatory. Her eyes narrowed. Her voice rose, barely containing the anger simmering beneath the surface. \u8220\'93You used to be so eager to meet Catherine. You\u8217\'92d spend hours talking about her, sharing everything you learned from her with me. Now, you act like she\u8217\'92s just another stranger. She noticed it, too\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was confused and disappointed by your reaction. Doesn\u8217\'92t that bother you?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face flushed, his patience wearing thin. He shook his head, frustrated by her insistence. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that simple. You don\u8217\'92t understand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie cut him off, her voice trembling with emotion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t I? You used to be passionate about magic, Eddie. You looked up to Catherine like she was some kind of hero. But now you\u8217\'92re just... a shell of your former self. You\u8217\'92ve completely shut down!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The accusation hung heavily in the air, and Eddie felt a pang of guilt. His hands clenched around the rifle, knuckles white. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tears began to flow, her voice breaking with each word. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you feel bad for her, Ed? Magic used to be your life! You used to dream about it, and now you just act like it\u8217\'92s nothing. What happened to you? Just because you scarred a boy\u8217\'92s face during a duel doesn\u8217\'92t mean you should give it up!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face contorted with anger and pain. He stood up abruptly, his voice rising in frustration. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t just scar him, Torrie! I ruined his life. I didn\u8217\'92t just get expelled from the academy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I destroyed someone\u8217\'92s future, and I\u8217\'92ve done it countless times! Magic wasn\u8217\'92t just a hobby but a weapon, and I used it recklessly.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened in shock, her tears flowing freely now. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re just using that as an excuse! You\u8217\'92ve let one mistake define you. You\u8217\'92ve let it make you cold and distant. Aunt Catherine returned expecting to see the old you, full of wonder and ambition. Instead, she finds someone who\u8217\'92s given up on everything that used to matter.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice cracked as he shouted back. \u8220\'93You think I wanted this? Do you think I wanted to become this person? It\u8217\'92s not just about one mistake\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s about everything I lost because of it. I can\u8217\'92t just turn it back on like a switch.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The argument continued to escalate, their voices echoing off the surrounding trees. The once-gentle glow of the Eden Flowers seemed to flicker\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more erratically this time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 casting long, wavering shadows around them. The silent and watchful forest seemed to hold its breath as the siblings\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 emotions spilt out. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie, flushed with anger and hurt, took a step back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve changed so much, Eddie. It\u8217\'92s like you\u8217\'92re not even the same person anymore.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Panting and shaken, Eddie looked at her with regret and defiance. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I\u8217\'92m not. Maybe I can\u8217\'92t be the person I was before. You don\u8217\'92t know what it\u8217\'92s like to live with the consequences of your actions.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a moment, the forest seemed to close around them, the weight of their argument pressing down on both of them. The glow of the Luminas felt colder, and the distance between them seemed to widen with every harsh word. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tears continued to flow, her voice a whisper of anguish. \u8220\'93I just... I wish you could see how much we still need that part of you, Eddie. The part that believed in magic believed in the good it could do.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {The tension between Eddie and Torrie still hung in the air as they sat by the Traveller's Path. The sound of hurried footsteps and ragged breathing shattered the silence. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Markus burst through the trees, his face pale, eyes wide with fear, his grip tight on the flintlock rifle. He staggered to a stop, chest heaving, his breath coming in desperate gasps. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {"Eddie!" Markus shouted, his voice trembling. His knuckles were white as he clutched the rifle. Instinctively raising it as though expecting danger at any moment. "Something's happened! Catherine... she's in trouble. There's something huge in there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie was instantly on his feet, his body tense, ready to act. "Alright, alright, calm down, Markus. What is it? What happened to Catherine?" His voice was sharp, but concern laced his words. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Markus's eyes flickered, scanning the dark forest behind him. "I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it's like a dragon, but it has six pairs of red eyes!" }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie's breath caught in his throat. His mind raced as he processed the description. The rifle in Markus's hands trembled. The barrel still pointed toward the trees as if he were unsure whether to aim at something or someone. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the fucking sentinel, the Nightingale Dragon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie's heart pounded as he imagined Catherine. She had always been a symbol of strength and wonder in his life, facing such a formidable foe. The terror was palpable, a suffocating weight pressing down on him. He could feel his hands trembling, his mind racing with the gravity of the situation. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {But amidst the fear, a realisation took hold. Eddie was the only one present who could confront the Nightingale Fox. Markus was panicked. Torrie, though brave, was not yet equipped for such a dire confrontation. It fell to him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eddie\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to face the creature. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie's fear crystallised into fierce determination. He had to protect Catherine, to prove to himself that he could rise to the challenge despite his past. With a deep breath, he forced himself to focus, pushing aside the paralysing dread and replacing it with a steely resolve. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Without a word, Eddie grabbed his rifle from Markus. His fingers tightened around the cold wood of the stock. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie reached into his satchel and pulled out a small, worn bag of gunpowder. He tore open the pouch, the dry powder spilling between his fingers. His brow furrowed with focus as he raised the rifle's hammer, pouring the gunpowder into the pan. The powder swirled, settling in the shallow basin, a moment of calm before the storm. With a soft snap, he closed the frizzen, securing the charge. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Then, with swift, practised motions. Eddie poured the rest of the gunpowder into the barrel, feeling the weight of the weapon shift as he worked. He placed a round into the barrel, the heavy ball resting on the powder. Without hesitation, he tapped it with the ramrod, pushing the round firmly down into place. The motion was fluid and efficient\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 every action was a well-practised part of the ritual. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Finally, he stood tall, the rifle primed and ready for whatever awaited. He looked at Markus, his voice calm but carrying the weight of his resolve. "Stay here with Torrie," he ordered, his voice sharp, though his insides churned with concern. "I'm going after her." }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Torrie's eyes blazed with concern and anger as she jumped up, her voice rising in desperation. "Eddie, this is insane! You can't just go off into the forest after what Markus described. It's too dangerous!" }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie's expression was determined as he started moving towards the forest. "I don't have time to argue, Torrie. Catherine's in danger." }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {As Eddie took a step forward, Torrie, in a last-ditch effort, thrust something into his hands. It wasn't a wand but a small, smooth object, cold to the touch. Eddie's gaze flickered to it in surprise. It was his old heirloom, a jade ring set securely within a silver band. He'd never known his real family, but the ring was a silent reminder of them, a conduit for magic passed down through generations. It had always been a part of his history, even though he knew so little about the family it came from. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {"Take this," Torrie insisted, her voice unwavering despite the tremble in her hands. "You may not want it, but it's better than nothing. Edward, please." }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie looked at the ring, his expression conflicted. "I don't need it," he said, shaking his head. "I can handle this on my own." }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Torrie's eyes filled with a mixture of pleading and frustration. "Just take it. You owe it to yourself and to Catherine." }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Realising she wouldn't back down. Eddie pocketed the ring, his fingers brushing against its cold, familiar surface. "Fine," he said. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie turned and moved past the protective ring of glowing Luminas. Stepping into the darkened forest. As he ventured further into the unknown, the shadows seemed to close around him. The protective flower's glow dimmed behind him, leaving the path uncertain. }}