{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie sat at his desk in the corner of Dormitory 7, shoulders hunched over a thick Alchemical textbook. The diagrams sprawled across the page in tight, looping script, encrypted formulas showing the delicate thresholds between copper and verdigris, gas and flame, matter and memory. Notes were scrawled in his own handwriting along the margins. The desk lamp hummed faintly, casting sharp shadows that danced with every flick of his pen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear the guitar at first\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 barely registered the sound amid the quiet storm of his concentration. Will was on the bottom bunk, leaning against the bedframe, head bobbing slightly as he coaxed soft scales out of his guitar. Each note plucked from the strings glowed faintly in the air, trailing runes that pulsed and faded like sparks drifting on water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The room was quiet, save for the occasional creak of the bunk frame, the gentle thrum of guitar strings, and the scratch of Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pen as he annotated a particularly difficult transfiguration formula.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice the sound of footsteps approaching.\line Didn\u8217\'92t register the hurried knock.\line Didn\u8217\'92t hear the door swing open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Ashley?" Will said, glancing up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley stood in the doorway, slightly breathless. Her eyes went straight to Eddie.\line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got a call,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Madeleine. On the hall phone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked up, blinking as if surfacing from underwater.\line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A call?\u8221\'94 he repeated. \u8220\'93Now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oho, the mystery deepens. She finally cracked and confessed her undying\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Ashley didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t laugh. She didn\u8217\'92t roll her eyes or shove him in the shoulder like she usually would.\line She just said, quietly, urgently, \u8220\'93Eddie. You need to come. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Now}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie was already out of his chair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie jogged down the corridor, bare footsteps thudding against rough floorboards. The dorm hallway was mostly quiet\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just the faint hum of lanterns and a distant laugh from someone two floors down. He rounded the corner and spotted the wall-mounted phone at the end of the corridor, its receiver swinging like a pendulum from the base.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His heart kicked up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He grabbed it mid-swing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a sharp breath of relief on the other end.\line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie. It\u8217\'92s me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine?\u8221\'94 His back straightened. \u8220\'93Are you okay? You sound\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen,\u8221\'94 she cut in, voice taut and quick, like a pulled string. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have time to explain. I need you. I need all of you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Will, Ashley, everyone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at the library. Tonight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, what\u8217\'92s happened? What\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Her voice cut out for a second. A faint crackle distorted the line. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Professor Hudson. I think he knows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Bzzzt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A loud burst of static screamed through the receiver. Eddie yanked it away from his ear, flinching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine?\u8221\'94 he called into the noise, trying the hook. \u8220\'93Hello? Madeleine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence. Then a low mechanical whir. Then nothing at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He glanced back down the hall as if expecting Ashley to still be there. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Click.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello?\u8221\'94 he tried again, breath held.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A gasp. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93E-Eddie!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He gripped the receiver tighter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine, what\u8217\'92s happening?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think someone\u8217\'92s following me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His stomach dropped. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a pause. A rustle. Then, distantly: the creak of a booth door opening. Her voice dropped to a whisper.\line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m at my apartment. Just past the old fence. Near the east ward sign. There\u8217\'92s someone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92s not moving, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The line cracked again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got my wand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92s coming closer\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eddie, I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Pop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The line went dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stood there, frozen, the soft dial tone humming against his ear like a dirge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slowly, he lowered the receiver.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will and Ashley were already there at the end of the corridor. Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was pale, tense\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she\u8217\'92d heard enough to know. But it was Will\u8217\'92s expression that struck Eddie now: no smirk, no joke, just quiet alarm setting into his features like a stormcloud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes met theirs. A flicker. A pause. A breathless moment where nothing needed to be said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 We\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to do something.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley gave a sharp nod. Will was already moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They grabbed their jackets from the hooks near the dorm stairs, Will slinging his guitar bag over his shoulder out of instinct. No time to ask why. No time to prepare. Only the urgency in Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blood and the fading echo of Madeleine\u8217\'92s voice in his ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then they stormed out into the night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Through the arching gates of the dormitory. Across the frost-hushed campus. Their breath rose in quick clouds as they ran\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 past silent halls, over cobbled paths slick with dew, the gaslamps stretching their shadows long and fast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Toward Aetherell Reach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Toward her.}}