{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green250\blue145;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CALL TO ADVENTURE}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hero\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Responsibility}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It will began in the flashback of the Regicide, then on Eddie waking up on the steamship}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The book will follow the same as draft, although with some minor changes}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::1>Ki \~| Spring | introduction, where \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u36215\'3F can mean rouse, wake up, get up <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Opening Image : The regicide flashback}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Theme stated : Eddie has been in Edenfield for a while now}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Setup : Eddie is going to his class, he waved goodbye to Will and Ashley who goes to different classes since they are different major}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catalyst : The discovery of Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Ancient Magic}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Debate}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Break into Two : Under Professor Rheagan, Eddie was given an opportunity to help with a task, it was the translation of an Ancient Text, apparently the spell decoded in the codex only answer to Ancient Type of magic, that Eddie could do.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::1>Sho \~| Summer | development, where \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u25215\'3F can also mean acquiesce, hear, listen to, be informed, receive <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Fun and Games}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : Eddie settling down in Edenfield, CLASS START.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 CODEX SUBPLOT}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie met with the two scholars named Aenid and Hadir, they recognised him from Weshaven, and talked about the codex they got from Catherine. One of them argues that it might be Necromancy, but the other argues otherwise, \line \line \tab The scholars argues that no form of Magical Branch can seemingly do the technique described in the Codex, either they needed a Spellcraftsman to construct a new spell system to cast the spell described in the Codex, or else, they needed someone that can perform and understood Ancient Magic, which is debatable, since nobody would be alive today to know such a thing, not even Master Katarina}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the end, Eddie is going to steal the codex to learn the magic of Animation, that is breathing life or an illusion of life into something. But the magic of Animation is either taboo or forbidden, and it is said that the technique lies in the Codex Chilandar, the one codex kept secret by the Two Scholars}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Pinch Point 1: }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Midpoint}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Break into Three: }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::1>Ten | Autumn | }{\f2\fs36\b1\i1 ten}{\f1\fs36\b1\i0 \~(\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u36578\'3F)': twist, where \u36578\'3F can mean revolve, turn around, change <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Bad guys close in: }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Something something about someone looking for The Prince}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Pinch point 2: }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Eddie used }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1\cb4\highlight4 Ancient Magic}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0  which put him in alert that he is A Royal Blood, what is Ancient Magic? It is a magic aided by ancient entities. This is shown as a four winged dragon, the sigil and guardian of House Wyard. The previous High-king and a former ruler of Edenfield.}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 All is Lost: }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Madeleine Kidnapped, The Codex Stolen, and so many other students and civillians are kidnapped}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Epiphany: }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Eddie, Ashley and Scott met Catherine, who heard about the missing Codex, and is also going after them with her two colleagues, that is Aenid and Hadir, }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 \line \line \tab Break into Four: }{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 Eddie and the gang formed a makeshift Rescue Team, that consists of friends of students that are missing, loved ones, and scholars.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::1>Ketsu | Winter | }{\f2\fs36\b1\i1 ketsu}{\f1\fs36\b1\i0 \~(\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u32080\'3F)': conclusion, though \u32080\'3F can also mean result, consequence, outcome, effect, coming to fruition, bearing fruit, etc. <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}