{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The cold morning air bit at their skin, the mist curling around their feet as they stood on the harbor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wooden planks. The sea stretched beyond, an endless gray expanse, the silhouettes of ships barely visible through the thick fog.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The low, resonant blast of the steamship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horn broke through the morning mist. Deep and mournful. It blasts like a slumbering giant stirring awake. Eddie followed Catherine and everyone towards the harbour. Catherine is leaving today. The planks beneath his boots creaking faintly with the tide\u8217\'92s rhythm. The steamship loomed ahead, its dark silhouette emerging through the haze as smoke curled lazily from its towering funnel. The steam hiss and ropes clatter against the dock mingled with the distant cries of gulls overhead. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine adjusted the strap of her bag, shifting the weight of her luggage\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 now considerably heavier thanks to the codex she had yet to tell Mr. and Mrs. Welton about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton let out a deep sigh, arms crossed over her coat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honestly, Catherine, I don\u8217\'92t know what you were thinking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine, unfazed, gave her a lopsided grin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to have to be more specific, Ally. I think about a lot of things.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, don\u8217\'92t be cheeky with me!\u8221\'94 Mrs. Welton huffed. \u8220\'93Taking my children and Markus into that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whatever it was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Illusory Forest. I thought you were taking them to see some old ruins, not traipsing into actual danger!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine winced, rubbing the back of her neck. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean\u8230\'85 in my defense, I never said it was just ruins.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You never said it wasn\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, they\u8217\'92re all fine, aren\u8217\'92t they? Bit of bruises, maybe some close calls, but we made it out in one piece.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton narrowed her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You and Eddie came back looking like you lost a fight with a brick wall.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 Catherine shrugged, \u8220\'93The wall hit first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie, standing beside Eddie, giggled. Markus, on the other hand, wisely kept his mouth shut, looking as though he wanted to stay out of any and all scolding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton exhaled sharply, but her expression softened. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re lucky you\u8217\'92re leaving, Catherine. Otherwise, I\u8217\'92d have you here scrubbing cauldrons for one hundred years as penance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine gasped, placing a hand over her chest in mock offense. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wound me, Alyssa.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horn bellowed in the distance, signaling final boarding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air grew a little heavier, the weight of parting settling in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie puts his hands on his pocket. His jacket provides warmth, although very little, grounding him. Around him, the dock bustled with quiet energy. Dockhands shouted to one another as they secured the ship. Travellers called out farewells to loved ones, and crates thudded against wood as loaded into the cargo hold. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they reached the bustling harbor, the salty sea breeze ruffled Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hair while Catherine approached the ticket booth, ticket in hand. Behind her loomed a magnificent ship destined for Edenfield, its sails billowing in the wind like a giant, proud creature. Eddie gazed up in awe, imagining himself aboard such a vessel, a prospect that seemed closer than ever if he passed his entrance exam.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s horn echoed across the misty harbor, a low, resounding call that sent a shiver through the wooden planks beneath their feet. The cold morning air was thick with salt and silence as Catherine turned to face each of them in turn, her usual grin softened by something more tender.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Alyssa was the first. Catherine stepped forward, adjusting the strap of her bag, and met the older woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alyssa,\u8221\'94 she said, with rare sincerity, \u8220\'93thank you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton sighed, shaking her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t make me worry so much next time.\u8221\'94 Then, her voice softened. \u8220\'93You stay safe, alright? And if you ever pass through Weshaven, our home will always welcome you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine swallowed, her usual wit failing her for a moment. Then she smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s very sweet of you, Alyssa\u8230\'85 but don\u8217\'92t work yourself too hard, yeah? You\u8217\'92re not exactly young anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton scoffed, smacking Catherine lightly on the arm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, shut up. I\u8217\'92m seventy-two, not dead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Still. Try not to keel over before I visit next, alright?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Next was Mr. Welton\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Robert. Their dynamic had always been different\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a student and his old mentor. Catherine studied the man before her, the apothecary\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s steady hands, the slight wrinkles of experience marking his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have to say, Robert,\u8221\'94 she said, crossing her arms, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m proud of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mr. Welton raised a brow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For this.\u8221\'94 Catherine gestured vaguely behind him, as if the whole of Weshaven and its quiet little apothecary were wrapped into a single point. \u8220\'93You took what I taught you and made it something more. You built something that lasts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A ghost of a smile touched Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips. \u8220\'93I had a good teacher.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn right, you did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then came Markus. She turned to him with an appraising look, her sharp eyes scanning him like she had just seen him in a new light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re braver than you think, Markus,\u8221\'94 she said simply. \u8220\'93And I mean that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus blinked in surprise. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh. Uh, thanks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to go places.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus rubbed the back of his neck, unsure of how to respond, but the words stuck with him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, Torrie. The youngest of the group, standing small in the mist, her hands clenched into fists at her sides. Her lips wobbled, but she bit them, determined not to cry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine crouched slightly to meet her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey,\u8221\'94 she said gently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie sniffled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll miss you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine ruffled her hair, grinning. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll miss you too, little firecracker. But you\u8217\'92ll be fine. You\u8217\'92ve got a whole adventure ahead of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie nodded quickly, blinking away tears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then, she turned to Eddie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess this is where I\u8217\'92m off,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, a playful glint in her eye as she turned to face him. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll see you in a decade or so, Edward..\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should visit more often,\u8221\'94 Eddie replied, a note of longing in his voice. \u8220\'93Torrie really enjoyed your company, you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe she did,\u8221\'94 Catherine replied, her smile fading slightly. \u8220\'93But I have my own matters to attend to. I don\u8217\'92t have much time to relax and visit family.\u8221\'94 She paused, her expression shifting to one of quiet reflection. \u8220\'93In fact, why don\u8217\'92t you visit me instead? If you go through and accepted in your entrance exam, you\u8217\'92ll be boarding this exact same ship toward Edenfield. Our paths might cross again someday.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, indeed,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, his smile returning as hope sparked within him. \u8220\'93Take care of yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a flourish, Catherine stepped onto the dock, her red overcoat dancing dramatically in the sea wind, creating a striking silhouette against the backdrop of the ship. Eddie stood rooted in place, watching as the ship began to pull away, his aunt\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s elven ears and tall figure becoming a fading outline against the horizon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the ship sailed further into the distance, Eddie turned on his heel, determination surging through him. He made his way back toward the train station, the rhythm of the waves echoing in his mind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If I go in the entrance exam, If I got accepted, I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll be boarding that exact same ship.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 No,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  he thought fiercely, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I will go to the entrance exam.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I will board that ship towards Edenfield.}}