{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stirred awake. Blinking against the soft sunlight that streamed through the stained-glass panels above. he found himself in a spacious, vibrant ward he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t recognise. The sunlight cast warm red, blue, and green hues across the room. It refracts off the intricate stained-glass windows. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rows of clean beds stretched out before him. Each of them is separated by shimmering silk curtains. The curtains caught the sunlight, creating a soft glow. The air was thick with an unsettling peace\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 too muted for comfort. Faint murmurs of incantations and the soft hum of magic filled the air. Healers, clad in flowing robes that ripple like water, moved gracefully from bed to bed. Their hands glowed as they worked. Their whispers of healing spells were gentle, but to Eddie, they stirred an unease deep inside him. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His body felt heavy like he was sinking into the plush mattress beneath him. He glanced down at his chest. Bandages wrapped tightly around his chest. He could smell the faint, herbal scent of salves beneath the cloth. His brown wool jacket was gone, replaced by a loose hospital robe. The memory of the Deep Glaive, Catherine, and the Nightingale Dragon flickered in his mind. He remembered blacking out on the path home, the pain in his chest, the sense of his body giving up after the fight. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air seemed charged, but it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the comforting hum of everyday magic. This was a more profound, more potent force\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a place of magic meant to heal, but not the kind Eddie was used to. He didn\u8217\'92t trust it. He glanced around warily, trying to shake off the lingering fog from his blackout. Where was he? And what had these healers done to him while he was unconscious? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked around. He turned his head and noticed a small cupcake on the side table beside his bed. Beside it, a familiar little box rested, its lid slightly ajar. His heart lifted a little at the sight, recognising the playful touch. Three folded notes lay beside the cupcake, each written in distinct, familiar handwriting. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He reached for the box first, lifting it open. Inside was his old wand, the worn wood smooth against his fingertips. Another note was tucked beneath it, the handwriting unmistakably his sister Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. He unfolded it and started reading: }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, figured you might want your ring back! Don\u8217\'92t worry, though\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 Dad said he\u8217\'92s buying a better one for me. ;) Take care of yourself, Eddie. Mom, Dad, Markus, and everyone at the Apothecary send their love.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but chuckle. The familiar warmth of Torrie\u8217\'92s humour worked its way through his lingering exhaustion. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned the ring over in his hands. It was once an extension of himself, a part of who he was before... before everything changed. There was still a reluctance within him. He was hesitant about picking it back up, about returning to the world of Alchemy. But here it was, given back to him with a laugh as if it were no more than an old toy. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Setting the note aside, Eddie reached for the second letter. The paper was thicker. The handwriting was unmistakably his father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 precise, sharp, and severe. His stomach knotted as he unfolded it, already sensing the anger etched into every line. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Edward, }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I received word about your... escapade. I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know what possessed you to take my flintlock rifle into the woods. That rifle has been with me since before you were even born. And now? Snapped in half. Compartments missing. Irreparable. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve disappointed me, son. Not because of the rifle itself. But because you clearly didn\u8217\'92t think about the consequences of your actions. That rifle wasn\u8217\'92t just a tool; it was part of our family\u8217\'92s history. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 That said, I suppose I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m grateful you\u8217\'92re alive to tell the tale, as reckless as it was. For now, focus on recovering. When you\u8217\'92re ready, we\u8217\'92ll talk about this in person. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Take care of yourself, Eddie. And please, for the love of all that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s good, think before you act next time. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Dad\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie exhaled slowly, the weight of his father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words settling heavily on his chest. His disappointment was palpable. Almost scalding, but beneath it, Eddie could feel the care. The quiet, stubborn love that his father had always struggled to express outright. It wasn\u8217\'92t a rejection but a stern reminder of the expectations he\u8217\'92d failed to meet. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie folded the letter carefully and placed it on the table. His gaze drifted back to the cupcake and the cheerful note from Torrie. The juxtaposition felt almost cruel. Her lighthearted encouragement alongside his father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cutting words. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His fingers go back to his ring. He traces the familiar etchings along the silver bands. Memories swirling in the back of his mind. He set the wand down momentarily, leaning back into the pillows, and scanned the room. The ward was quiet, save for the occasional hum of healers moving in the distance. He was alone. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The silence gave him space to think, and for a moment, he wondered what had brought him here. The memory of the Nightingale Fox lingered along with the raw feeling of casting magic after all this time. He had acted out of desperation, but somewhere beneath the fear, something else had sparked. Something he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d thought he\u8217\'92d lost. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie carefully swung his legs over the edge of the bed, testing his strength as his feet touched the cool floor. His chest ached under the bandages. Every movement sent a throb of discomfort through his body, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stay still. The cupcake in his hand was half-eaten, and Torrie\u8217\'92s playful note lingered in his thoughts. Giving him a slight sense of determination. He needed to move, even if just for a moment. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stood slowly, wobbling slightly as his body adjusted to the weight of his injuries. His hands instinctively reached for the bedside table for balance. He considered calling for help for a moment, but something stopped him. Maybe the stubborn part of him didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to appear weak. Or perhaps the curiosity was starting to stir again after so long. Either way, Eddie breathed and straightened his back as much as the bandages would allow. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The surrounding ward was more prominent than he initially thought. Rows of beds stretching into the distance, some occupied, others empty. Light streamed in through the high, stained-glass windows. It casts colourful patterns on the white stone floor below. The place had a serene beauty, but something about the faint hum of magic in the air made him uneasy. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie took a few tentative steps. His body protested with each one, but he pushed through the discomfort. His curiosity tugged him forward. He passed by the shimmering curtains separating his ward section from the others. The soft whisper of healers casting spells and tending to their patients blended with the sounds of his own footfalls. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stopped at one window, gazing out over a courtyard filled with Lumina flowers, their pale glow illuminating the garden. The same flowers had kept the Nightingale Fox at bay. His mind drifted back to that encounter, and he shivered slightly, remembering how the creature had looked at him, its gaze almost respectful. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air was peaceful here, yet Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shake the feeling that he was standing on a threshold. He had touched magic again after all these years. The thought stirred a mix of emotions. Fear, guilt, and a flicker of something he hadn\u8217\'92t felt in a long time: hope. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A soft voice interrupted his thoughts before he could dwell on it too long. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re up already? Shouldn\u8217\'92t you be resting?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shifted awkwardly as the young healer turned toward him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I, um,\u8221\'94 he began, smiling, \u8220\'93I wanted to go for a coffee. Do you know where the cafeteria is?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The healer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression softened, though a concern flickered in her eyes. \u8220\'93Coffee?\u8221\'94 she repeated gently, her tone compassionate yet firm. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve just regained consciousness and already thinking of coffee?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie chuckled nervously, rubbing the back of his neck. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, well... I\u8217\'92m not great at staying in bed. Thought a walk and some coffee might help clear my head.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The healer stepped closer. Her gaze was now more assessing as she glanced at the bandages peeking under his robe. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand you want to feel more like yourself, but your body\u8217\'92s still healing. You need rest.\u8221\'94 Her voice was warm. As if she\u8217\'92d dealt with patients like Eddie before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 restless, eager to escape the confines of recovery. \u8220\'93The wounds you sustained were severe. And while you\u8217\'92re in good hands, overexerting yourself could set you back.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded, feeling a bit sheepish. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right... I guess I\u8217\'92m not great at sitting still.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled, a soft, encouraging smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand. How about this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I\u8217\'92ll show you to the cafeteria, but only if you promise to take it slow. Your body needs time to recover. Even a short walk could tire you out more than you realise.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie offered a more genuine smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The healer gently touched his shoulder, guiding him to the door. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just remember,\u8221\'94 she added kindly, \u8220\'93healing takes more than physical recovery. Give yourself time, both body and mind. You\u8217\'92ve been through a lot.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they reached the door, she nodded down the corridor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The cafeteria is just down the hall. If you start feeling lightheaded, come back here immediately. Don\u8217\'92t push yourself too hard, alright?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, his smile tinged with gratitude. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he made his way down the hall, the healer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words lingered in his mind. He couldn\u8217\'92t shake the feeling that he wasn\u8217\'92t just physically healing. Something deeper was shifting, and maybe\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just maybe\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he needed to give that the time it deserved, too. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie made his way down the bright hallway toward the cafeteria. Each step felt like a minor victory. The soft colours of the walls wrapped around him like a comforting embrace while the enchanted sconces flickered with a warm, golden glow that seemed to dance in tune with his heartbeat. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he walked, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but admire the whimsical art hanging in shifting frames. A painting nearby showed a vibrant garden, with flowers blooming with each passing moment. The bird flitted joyfully from branch to branch, a delightful reminder of the magic surrounding him. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To his right, large arched windows opened up to the courtyard. He paused for a moment, captivated by the lush oasis outside. The vibrant flowers danced in the gentle breeze. The serene greenery provided a backdrop to the laughter of patients soaking in the sun. Benches beckoned to those seeking respite, creating a tranquil haven amidst the busyness of life. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he continued, the soft echo of footsteps accompanied him, weaving through the comforting hum of conversation. The atmosphere buzzed with a sense of purpose and warmth. Magic infused the walls, which pulsed like a heartbeat. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he rounded a corner, he could smell the aroma of freshly brewed herbal teas and baked goods urging him onward. The sounds of vibrant chatter and laughter grew louder. It felt like he was approaching a gathering of kindred spirits\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a heartwarming community sharing not just food but connection. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, he reached the cafeteria entrance, taking a moment to gather himself. With a deep breath, he stepped inside, ready to embrace whatever awaited him in this lively space. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}