{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The distant chirping of sparrows, filled the evening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sounds of brass musical instruments. Trombones, Tubas, Trumpets, somewhere across the school yard, practicing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rhythmic scratching of a paintbrush against canvas filled the small art room, each stroke deliberate, each movement lost in the rhythm of creation. The room smelled of acrylics and turpentine, a scent that Haruki had come to associate with freedom\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a freedom she rarely felt outside these four walls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the center of the room stood a girl, her figure silhouetted by the golden light of the setting sun streaming through the window. Haruki Fujiyama, her dark hair tied loosely in a ponytail, stood before an easel, her paintbrush moving almost instinctively across the canvas. Her brow was furrowed in concentration, her lips pressed into a thin line as she lost herself in the world she was creating. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 To anyone watching, it might have seemed like she was painting a landscape or a portrait, but to Haruki, it was something more. It was a world\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a world where the colors bled into each other like emotions, where the lines blurred between reality and imagination. A world where she could be anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stepped back for a moment, tilting her head as she studied her work. The painting was abstract, a swirl of blues and purples with streaks of gold cutting through like sunlight breaking through a storm. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t perfect\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nothing ever was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but it was hers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a fleeting moment, she wondered if such a place could exist. A place where she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have to argue with her father about art school, where her mother didn\u8217\'92t gently suggest she consider a \u8220\'93more practical\u8221\'94 career. A place where she could just\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 be}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , without the weight of expectations pressing down on her shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her brush hovered over the canvas as her thoughts drifted. What would it be like to live in a world where her dreams weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just dreams? Where she could paint all day, every day, and no one would tell her it was a waste of time? Where her father\u8217\'92s stern face would soften with pride instead of disappointment? She sighed, her shoulders slumping slightly. Maybe such a world only existed in her paintings. Maybe it was foolish to hope for anything more.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before she could sink deeper into her thoughts, the door behind her creaked open, pulling her back to reality. The sound of footsteps and the faint jingle of a charm bracelet broke the silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haruki-chan!\u8221\'94 a sing-songy voice called out, bright and cheerful. \u8220\'93There you are! I\u8217\'92ve been looking everywhere for you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear Aiko at first. Her mind was still lost in the world of her painting, far removed from the Art Club room. She was thinking about the shadows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how they should fall, how they should interact with the light. Should the reds be warmer? Did the greens clash? She murmured to herself, her brush hovering uncertainly over the canvas. \u8220\'93Maybe if I add a touch of ochre here\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko, standing by the door with her hands on her hips, frowned when Haruki didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haruki-chan!\u8221\'94 she called again, louder this time. Still, Haruki didn\u8217\'92t turn. Aiko sighed, her shoulders slumping in mock dejection. \u8220\'93Fine, be that way,\u8221\'94 she muttered under her breath, a mischievous grin spreading across her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quietly, Aiko tiptoed across the room, her sneakers making no sound on the wooden floor. She crept up behind Haruki, her hands poised to strike. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, with a dramatic flourish, she clapped her hands on Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders and shouted, \u8220\'93Boo!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki jumped, her paintbrush slipping from her fingers and smearing a streak of green across the canvas. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aiko!\u8221\'94 she exclaimed, spinning around to glare at her friend. \u8220\'93What was that for?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko burst into laughter, doubling over as Haruki scowled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should\u8217\'92ve seen your face!\u8221\'94 she wheezed, clutching her stomach. \u8220\'93Priceless!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki sighed, shaking her head as she turned back to her painting. She picked up a painting knife and began carefully scraping away the smeared paint. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re impossible, you know that? I was in the middle of something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah,\u8221\'94 Aiko said, still giggling. She stepped closer, peering over Haruki\u8217\'92s shoulder at the painting. \u8220\'93Whatcha painting there, Picasso?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look up, her focus returning to the canvas. \u8220\'93Komorebi,\u8221\'94 she said simply. \u8220\'93I need practice painting light.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko tilted her head, studying the painting. It was a tree, its leaves dappled with sunlight that seemed to shimmer even in its unfinished state. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoa, that\u8217\'92s awesome!\u8221\'94 she said, her voice dripping with mock enthusiasm. \u8220\'93Is the light going to be brighter than your future?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki chuckled despite herself, shaking her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be silly. It\u8217\'92s just a painting. Why the question?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grin faded slightly, and she reached into her bag, pulling out a folded sheet of paper. \u8220\'93Mrs. Kitagawa has been nagging me all day to remind you to fill out your Career Plans paper. You\u8217\'92re one of the few who hasn\u8217\'92t done it yet.\u8221\'94 She held out the paper, which was slightly crumpled at the edges. \u8220\'93You left this at your desk this morning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile faltered as she looked at the paper. \u8220\'93Oh, yeah,\u8221\'94 she said quietly, setting down her painting knife. She peeled off her paint-stained gloves and apron, then took the paper from Aiko. The words \u8220\'93Career Plans\u8221\'94 were printed in bold letters at the top, and the sight of them made her stomach twist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, have you thought of any?\u8221\'94 Aiko asked, leaning casually against the table. Her tone was light, but her eyes were curious, searching Haruki\u8217\'92s face for an answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki sighed, setting the Career Plans paper down on the table. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m not sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko raised an eyebrow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not art school? Tokyo University has the best art program. Why not go there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders slumped, and she turned back to her painting, picking up her brush again as if to distract herself. \u8220\'93You know my dad,\u8221\'94 she said quietly. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92d rather I become a doctor or something \u8216\'91respectable\u8217\'92 than go there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko frowned, crossing her arms. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not? Didn\u8217\'92t one of the seniors from Art Club go there?\u8221\'94 She tapped her chin, trying to remember. \u8220\'93I think she used to be the vice president of the Art Club back when we were first-years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki paused, her brush hovering over the canvas. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Matsuda-senpai?\u8221\'94 she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah! Yaeko Matsuda!\u8221\'94 Aiko said, snapping her fingers. \u8220\'93Her paintings were gorgeous. Didn\u8217\'92t she go to Tokyo University to pursue fine arts?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki fell silent, her expression darkening. The room seemed to grow colder, the cheerful chatter of the brass band outside fading into the background. She set her brush down and turned to face Aiko, her eyes serious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t you know, Aiko?\u8221\'94 Haruki asked, her voice low.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko blinked, confused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Know what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yaeko Matsuda went missing just before graduation,\u8221\'94 Haruki said, her tone heavy. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think she ever made it to Tokyo.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93What do you mean? I thought she did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nobody knows. Not even the senpais have heard from her since then. It\u8217\'92s like she just\u8230\'85 vanished.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s playful demeanor vanished, replaced by a look of unease. \u8220\'93Are you implying that she\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It could be\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Haruki trailed off, her gaze distant. The weight of her words hung in the air, thick and suffocating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a moment, neither of them spoke. The only sound was the faint scratching of Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brush as she absentmindedly touched up her painting. The tension in the room was palpable, as if the ghost of Yaeko Matsuda herself had stepped into the Art Club room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, Haruki broke the silence. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry to make the situation tense,\u8221\'94 she said, forcing a small smile. She chuckled softly, though it didn\u8217\'92t quite reach her eyes. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll tidy up for a bit, then I\u8217\'92ll meet you at the bicycle park.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko nodded, her usual cheerfulness returning, though it felt a little forced. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay!\u8221\'94 she said in her sing-songy voice. But as she turned to leave, she paused at the doorframe, glancing back at Haruki. \u8220\'93Hey, Haruki-chan,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone softer now. \u8220\'93Have you thought of any career path, just off the top of your head?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki tilted her head, confused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Off the top of my head\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Quick! Answer, no time!\u8221\'94 Aiko teased, her grin returning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki hesitated for a moment, then smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Art school,\u8221\'94 she said firmly. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s on the top of my head.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile widened, and she gave Haruki a thumbs-up. \u8220\'93Then write it on your paper and submit it before Mrs. Kitagawa continues nagging me about it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki laughed, the tension in the room finally dissipating. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will, I will. Now go on, I\u8217\'92ll catch up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Aiko disappeared down the hallway, her footsteps echoing faintly, Haruki turned back to her painting. The komorebi\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the sunlight filtering through the leaves\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 seemed to glow brighter now, as if reflecting the spark of determination in her heart. She picked up her brush and added a few more strokes, her movements steady and sure.}}