{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A couple of days had passed since that night, it is Sunday morning now, despite that fact, the word from Catherine still hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t left Eddie\u8217\'92s mind at all, it kept spinning, and playing like a broken record in his mind, mocking him in his futile attempt at hiding his passion for Alchemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The living room of the Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s household is cozy today, the low table cluttered with herbs and parchments. The warm morning lights casts a ray of sunshine shimmering through between the curtains, casting onto the mismatched furniture where Eddie sat. Torrie sat across from him sprawling on the carpet, her legs kicking as she flipped through her notebook, her wand resting on top of her ears as she flipped through her notes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 She said, breaking the silence, \u8220\'93You were at Vandruff\u8217\'92s Travelling Puppet Show last night, weren\u8217\'92t you, Eddie?\u8221\'94 Torrie teased, her voice was sing-song in tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? No! Of course not!\u8221\'94 Eddie countered, \u8220\'93What makes you think that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94 Torrie\u8217\'92s smirk widened, \u8220\'93Maybe because my classmate\u8217\'92s brother who worked part-time as a ticket seller with Mr. Vandruff said he saw someone with a dishevelled silver hair sitting in the back row, looking all serious and broody. It was nothing he had ever seen before! An adult in a kid\u8217\'92s travelling puppet show! Sounds familliar?\u8221\'94 She continued her tease, her grin widening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie groaned, covering his face with Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Alchemy Textbook, his groan muffled. \u8220\'93Look, there are plenty of people with dishevelled silver hair who enjoy puppet shows, alright? Leave them alone!\u8221\'94 he muttered, the sound still muffled by his textbook.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie laughed, her legs kicking before she sat up, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh come on, Eddie! You\u8217\'92re a terrible liar! You\u8217\'92ve got that look, you know? Just admit you\u8217\'92ve been there!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look,\u8221\'94 Eddie shot back, putting down the textbook that has been hiding his face, \u8220\'93Do you want help with your homework or not? If not, I\u8217\'92ve got better things to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her laughter softened into a giggle, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine, fine. But seriously, what\u8217\'92s so bad about going to a puppet show anyway? They\u8217\'92re so fun!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie lets out a long sigh, }{running a hand through his hair\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an unintentional act that only made it messier. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not about that, Torrie. It\u8217\'92s just\u8230\'85 you know what, never mind. Let\u8217\'92s focus on your homework, okay?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright then, grumpy.\u8221\'94 Torrie said with a mock pout, then joined Eddie on the low table.}
\par\plain {But before Eddie could start working on the first assignment, the front door opened, he had expected it to be his father coming home early from shopping for ingredients, but as the front door opens, it was someone he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t expect.}
\par\plain {It was Markus.}
\par\plain {Eddie glanced up, clearly puzzled. It was Sunday morning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Markus isn't supposed to be working today. His expression softened as Markus set down a small bag of supplies and adjusted his jacket. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh hey Markus.\u8221\'94 Eddie greeted, slightly raising an eyebrow, \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on? It\u8217\'92s Sunday, you\u8217\'92re supposed to be on break, right? Or were you transferred to weekend shift or something?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh hey Eddie,\u8221\'94 Markus greeted back sheepishly, \u8220\'93Sorry I forgot to give you a heads up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s alright,\u8221\'94 Eddie chuckled, \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s on your mind today? You wanna help Torrie with her homework with me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh no, I\u8217\'92m good, I\u8217\'92m not really good with that stuff.\u8221\'94 Markus said, settling on the chair by the door, \u8220\'93The Elf lady called me yesterday, saying that she needed me for something, willing to give me something for the trouble too! Generous, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh wow, that\u8217\'92s interesting--\u8221\'94 But something caught Eddie\u8217\'92s attention, a discrepancy.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait\u8230\'85 Elf Lady?\u8221\'94 Eddie blinked, \u8220\'93What Elf Lady?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know\u8230\'85 Man, I forgot her name, but red hair? Short? Red coat? She almost wear all-red now that you mention it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Eddie tries to dig his brains for faces, \u8220\'93Catherine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes! That\u8217\'92s the one, the Catherine fellow called me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the bloody hell does Catherine wants with you, Markus?\u8221\'94 Eddie said, puzzled, \u8220\'93Hope she didn\u8217\'92t tangle you in her shady businesses, She\u8217\'92s a pretty shady person if you can see through her wacky personality.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, nothing shady, but she mentions something about an Adventure, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart drops, an }{\f0\fs24\i1 Adventure\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f0\fs24\i0  }{\f0\fs24\i1 wait\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 does this mean\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, no\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Eddie muttered under his breath, \u8220\'93Are you sure she said }{\f0\fs24\i1 adventure}{\f0\fs24\i0 ? She can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be that vague right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, she is pretty vague, but I\u8217\'92m sure-\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Markus!\u8221\'94 Torrie interjected, \u8220\'93Did Aunt Catherine invite you too?! She was gathering a party to go on an epic adventure to the woods! She said I can come by!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Wait, wait, wait. }{\f0\fs24\i0 Eddie thought, his mind beginning to spiral.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, Torrie. What are you talking about?\u8221\'94 Eddie said}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t you know, Eddie? Aunt Catherine is gathering an adventure party!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i0 But before Eddie could respond, the door opened once more, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make of the face at first due to the bright morning light, but from the silhouette it was clear. Short hair, and sharp, elven ear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i0 It was Catherine}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mornin\u8217\'92 everyone!\u8221\'94 She chirped, }{"Well, I see everyone is here," she continued, setting down the bags of grocery on the low table. She turned to Eddie with a teasing glint in her eye. "What's all this fuss about?" }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine, you\u8217\'92ve gotta adress something for me.\u8221\'94 Eddie said sternly, his face is a mix of confusion and frustation, \u8220\'93What the hell is going on. Why is Markus clocking in on a Sunday morning, and most importantly. Why are you involving my fucking sister into this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Language, Eddie!\u8221\'94 }{Torrie shouted from the low table.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, firstly.\u8221\'94 Catherine said, her tone is matter-factly, \u8220\'93I said a few days ago, right? I was planning an excursion to the Deep Glaive. It wouldn\u8217\'92t be a balanced party if was just two Alchemists isn\u8217\'92t it? So I decided to recruit more!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You what?!\u8221\'94 Eddie shouted, standing abruptly. Textbooks pens and notebook falling down to the low table.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s wrong, Ed?! She said it will be an exciting adventure! There\u8217\'92s nothing wrong with it!\u8221\'94 Torrie plead}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, there is so many things wrong with this, Torrie. Firstly, you are involved! Do you know how dangerous this is?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I think you\u8217\'92re overthinking this, Edward.\u8221\'94 Catherine said, brushing off her hands in front of her face, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92ll be just a little adventure! A bit of detour, if you will. I mean- come on, you were exploring an even more dangerous dungeons when you were her age!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Catherine. It\u8217\'92s different, she\u8217\'92s different!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92ll be fine.\u8221\'94 Catherine said, \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92ll be like the old times!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie's heart sank. He looked at his little sister, who was still so young, so eager to prove herself. He glanced at Catherine, the woman who had once been his mentor and aunt, now standing so confidently before him, acting like nothing was wrong. }
\par\plain { He opened his mouth to argue again, but then he turned to his mother, Alyssa Welton. Who just entered to the kitchen across the room, hoping for some sense. "Mom!" he called out, his voice tinged with frustration. "Are you listening? Are you okay with this? Why isn't anyone thinking straight about this?" }
\par\plain {Alyssa, who had been arranging the groceries Catherine just bought, turned around, her expression warm but unreadable. "I trust Catherine. She's always been dependable in her way. She gets you in and out of dungeons in the past, although I can argue all I want, I know she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll find her way to get you guys out. Let\u8217\'92s just say if she's confident, this will work out, I believe her." }
\par\plain {Eddie stared at her. "You believe her? Just like that? What happened to thinking things through? What happened to being cautious?" }
\par\plain {Alyssa smiled softly as she took out a carrot out of the grocery bag and putting it on the chopping board, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie, sometimes you have to trust people and take a leap. You haven\u8217\'92t gone to adventures like these since Alfred goes to the army haven\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In fact,\u8221\'94 She continued, her chopping sounded harder against the carrots.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If anything happens to any of you..\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Chop,}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can just hold a certain Elf accountable can I?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Another chop,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i0 Catherine lets out a deep gulp, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Y-you heard your mother, Edward.\u8221\'94 She said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll make sure to keep you guys safe!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i0 Alyssa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chopping began to soften again, \u8220\'93I}{f you are going, Eddie. You'd better get prepared. You should have your things ready in the garage." }
\par\plain {Eddie felt a sharp sting in his chest. Was his mother, the one who always kept a careful eye on things, saying this? He wasn't sure if it was reassuring or terrifying. His mind was still racing, caught between his fears and the urge to protect his family from the reckless dangers that seemed spiralling out of control. }
\par\plain {He clenched his fists, turning to Catherine again. "Fine," he said gritting his teeth. }}