{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The path twisted and narrowed. The forest thinned, giving way to crumbling stone walls and scattered debris. The air here was heavier, carrying the faint scent of ash and decay. Moonlight spilt over the ruined town. It illuminates the jagged remnants of stone buildings. Their once-proud facades were now draped in thick vines and cloaked with moss. Trees had long since claimed the poor town as their own, their roots snaking through cobblestone streets and bursting through walls as if nature had conspired to erase the city from history. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus abruptly stopped, his grip tightening on the flintlock rifle. His gaze landed on a charred wooden sign half-buried in the dirt. The faint, scorched lettering read: Welcome to Groville. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome, huh?\u8221\'94 Markus muttered uneasily, his voice barely above a whisper. \u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t feel very welcoming to me.\u8221\'94 He scanned the empty streets, rifle raised slightly as if the shadows themselves might lunge at them. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine stepped ahead, her staff brushing against the stones as she moved. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem as unnerved, but her eyes lingered on the sign. \u8220\'93Groville,\u8221\'94 she said softly, almost reverently. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s hard to believe people lived here once.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was tense. \u8220\'93Yeah, well, they\u8217\'92re not living here now, are they? I don\u8217\'92t like this place, Catherine. It\u8217\'92s... too quiet.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The eerie silence hung around them. Broken only by the occasional creak of a distant tree branch. The wind stirred, rustling the overgrown foliage that consumed the ruins. As they walked deeper into the town, Markus flinched at every noise, his rifle sweeping toward a sound that turned out to be nothing more than a rat skittering across the stones or a bird startled from its perch. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The road narrowed into what might have once been a central square. It is now dominated by the looming remains of a cathedral. Though cracked and leaning, its towering spire still pierced the night sky, defiant against centuries of decay. The grand stone arches of the cathedral\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s facade were blanketed in moss, while a massive oak tree had burst through the centre of the structure, its gnarled branches reaching outward like skeletal arms. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus stopped at the threshold, the rifle raised again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re sure this is where we need to be?\u8221\'94 he asked, his voice edged with scepticism and discomfort. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine nodded, her eyes fixed on the ruin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is the place. The Artefact should be inside.\u8221\'94 She paused, then added, \u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s still here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus groaned, lowering the rifle enough to look at her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If it\u8217\'92s still here? Great. We came all this way for a maybe.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine smirked faintly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not just a maybe. A once-in-a-lifetime, maybe. There\u8217\'92s a difference.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus shook his head, muttering under his breath as he adjusted his grip on the rifle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This place gives me the creeps. Let\u8217\'92s grab what you need and get out of here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they stepped inside the cathedral, the temperature seemed to drop. Their footsteps echoed on the cracked stone floor, and the vast emptiness swallowed the sound. Stained glass windows, long shattered, cast fragmented patterns of moonlight onto the ground. Vines and roots wove through the walls, blending the sacred and the wild. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lectern stood on a pedestal at the heart of the cathedral. Bathed in silvery moonlight streaming through the shattered roof. Twisting roots coiled around the base as if the great oak tree was trying to claim it as its own. Resting atop the lectern was the Artefact\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an ancient, ornate relic, its surface etched with runes that seemed to pulse faintly with an otherworldly glow. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath hitched as she stepped closer, her eyes fixed on the Artefact. \u8220\'93There it is,\u8221\'94 she whispered, her voice reverent. \u8220\'93One of the Nine Sages must have used this. It\u8217\'92s incredible\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus, standing a few paces behind her, shifted uncomfortably. His grip on the flintlock rifle was so tight that his knuckles had turned white. The oppressive silence of the cathedral pressed down on him, broken only by the faint rustle of leaves in the wind. He scanned the dark corners of the ruins, his unease growing by the second. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know about this, ma\u8217\'92am,\u8221\'94 Markus muttered, his voice strained. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s getting late, and the forest feels... different. Like it\u8217\'92s watching us.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look back; she focused entirely on the Artefact. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re almost there. Just a bit further,\u8221\'94 she said, brushing off his concerns with her hand. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus took a shaky step forward, his boots crunching against the debris of the stained glass on the ground. The tension in the air seemed to thicken with each passing moment. The rifle wavered slightly in his hands as sweat beaded on his forehead. He could feel his pulse pounding in his ears. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine, I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Markus began, his voice faltering. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He froze mid-sentence. A low, rumbling growl echoed through the cavernous cathedral. Reverberating between the broken walls and twisted roots. The sound was deep, guttural, and far too close. Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught as he turned his head toward the source. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His eyes widened in terror. Something massive shifted from the shadows near the back of the cathedral. A pair of glowing eyes pierced the darkness, their unnatural light casting faint reflections on the stone floor. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ma\u8217\'92am?\u8221\'94 Markus said, barely above a whisper, \u8220\'93Something\u8217\'92s here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine, still fixated on the Artefact, took another step forward. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just a bit closer,\u8221\'94 she murmured as if in a trance. \u8220\'93We need to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look out!\u8221\'94 Markus\u8217\'92s voice broke into a panicked shout. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creature emerged from the shadows with a feral roar. The faint light of the moon illuminated its massive frame, and the ground seemed to tremble beneath its weight. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus raised the flintlock rifle. His hands shook as he aimed at the beast. His breath is ragged. His heart was racing as he squeezed the trigger. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A thunderous crack shattered the tension. The muzzle flash lit up the cathedral for the briefest moment. Illuminating Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stunned face and the creature\u8217\'92s feral snarl. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}