{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {A low, rhythmic beeping and the gentle hum of an air conditioner struggling against the tropical heat were the first things to pierce the darkness. Eddie stirred, a deep groan escaping his lips as a dull, comprehensive ache settled into his bones. He blinked, once, twice, trying to force the world into focus.}
\par\plain {The light was bright, filtering in through the slatted blinds of a large window, painting stripes across a clean, tiled floor. This wasn't his dorm room. The sterile smell of antiseptic confirmed it. A hospital.}
\par\plain {It took a while for his eyes to adjust, and then he noticed a figure standing by the window, hands clasped behind his back, looking out over the bustling city below. The silhouette was sharp, familiar, and impeccably dressed.}
\par\plain {"Professor?" Eddie asked, his voice a dry, raspy whisper.}
\par\plain {Professor Gareth Hudson turned his head, his silver hair catching the morning light. "Finally awake, have you?" His tone was as cold and precise as ever, though perhaps this time, the sharpest edges had been blunted by a hint of warmth. "You took some beating yesterday. You're lucky you're even back alive."}
\par\plain {Guilt, heavy and immediate, settled in Eddie's stomach. He struggled to push himself into a sitting position, the movement sending a fresh wave of pain through his ribs. "I... I suppose I owe you an apology, Professor."}
\par\plain {"Hm?" Hudson turned fully to face him, one eyebrow raised in feigned curiosity. "What for?"}
\par\plain {Eddie looked down at the thin hospital blanket covering his lap, unable to meet the man's intense gaze. "For assuming that you... for thinking you were the one who kidnapped Madeleine," he said, the words tasting like ash. "I know I misjudged. Badly."}
\par\plain {A moment of silence passed. Then, to Eddie's utter astonishment, Professor Hudson laughed. It wasn't a loud laugh, but a dry, rare chuckle that seemed to surprise even him.}
\par\plain {"The only time I have ever 'kidnapped' Mrs. Daedallia, Welton, is when I've required her assistance at the Sanctuary to study a particularly stubborn species of moon orchid," he said, a faint, wry smirk touching his lips. "Otherwise, yes. It was a foolish misjudgment on your end."}
\par\plain {Eddie managed a weak chuckle, the effort sending a dull ache through his ribs. It felt important to acknowledge the Professor's attempt at humour, a small gesture to bridge the gap his accusations had created. The faint smile faded as his expression turned serious again. "Can I ask you something, Professor?"}
\par\plain {"If this is to clear more of your 'misjudgments,' then go ahead," Hudson replied, his tone returning to its usual dryness. "You're free to speak, Welton."}
\par\plain {"What were you doing back there?" Eddie asked, his voice quiet but direct, referring to the chaos of the previous night. "At the pet shop. It couldn't be that you were also aware of Madeleine's disappearance, could it?"}
\par\plain {Professor Hudson didn't answer right away. He turned from the bed and walked back to the window, his posture rigid as he stared out at the sprawling, sun-baked city. For a moment, the sharp, authoritative lines of his face seemed to soften, collapsing inward under the weight of an unseen, profound burden. A flicker of raw grief, so quick Eddie almost missed it, crossed his features before being locked away again behind a mask of stoicism.}
\par\plain {"Something is brewing in this country, Edward Welton," Professor Hudson said at last, his voice low, his gaze still fixed on the horizon. }
\par\plain {"A sickness, slowly spreading, infecting anyone to whom it made contact with. And your friend, Mr. Schroder, was a symptom of it." He turned his head slightly, his eyes finding Eddie's in the reflection on the glass. "You need to choose your allies more carefully in the future. Sometimes the best ally is not the kindest. And sometimes, the sweetest and most caring of individuals have the potential of stabbing one in the back."}
\par\plain {Eddie sat there in silence, the truth of Hudson's words a heavy weight in the quiet room.}
\par\plain {Hudson then turned fully, his expression unreadable. "Take your other friends, for example. Mr. Chester and Ms. Mayfair." He paused. "I've heard the rumors, of course. The three of you in the restricted section of the library after midnight. An act that can, and should, grant anyone involved an immediate expulsion from Edenfield."}
\par\plain {He took a step closer to the bed. "The organization we dismantled last night... they are not just rogue academics, Welton. They are human traffickers, kidnappers, extortionists. The most dangerous elements in this city. A dragon's den. And yet, when you decided to walk into it, Mr. Chester and Ms. Mayfair followed you without question."}
\par\plain {Hudson looked down at Eddie, his gaze intense, a flicker of something that might have been respect in his cold eyes.}
\par\plain {"You have great allies, Mr. Welton. Cultivate their trust, and they will protect you for as long as they can. As you will also do for them."}
\par\plain {Eddie sat there in the quiet, the weight of Professor Hudson's words settling upon him. He thought of Walther's cold smirk and Will's steady presence, of the conspiracy brewing in the shadows and the unshakable loyalty of the friends who had walked into hell with him.}
\par\plain {His reflection was interrupted by a commotion down the polished linoleum hall. A woman's voice, sharp and insistent, with a familiar Kiwi accent, was growing louder.}
\par\plain {"I don't care if visiting hours are technically over! He's our friend! We just need to see if he's awake!"}
\par\plain {That was definitely Ashley. Her voice was followed by the calmer, placating American tones of Will trying to mediate with a nurse. "Ash, easy... }{\f0\fs24\i1 Ma'am}{, we'll just be five minutes, I promise. We brought snacks."}
\par\plain {A rare, genuine smile touched Professor Hudson's lips. As if on cue, he straightened his overcoat, his business concluded. "Well, it seems my time is up. Goodbye, Mr. Welton. And good luck." He walked towards the door, pausing just before he left.}
\par\plain {"And for the record," he added, his tone returning to its usual deadpan seriousness, "final terms are in two weeks. 'Dismantling a rogue trafficking organization' will not earn you an automatic pass." He let that sink in for a moment. "However... I suppose I could be persuaded to add three points to your final test scores. For... 'exceptional field research'."}
\par\plain {For Professor Hudson, it was the most generous offer he'd likely made all year.}
\par\plain {He swept out of the room just as Will and Ashley finally won their battle with the nursing staff. They rushed in, their faces etched with a frantic worry that melted into visible relief upon seeing him awake.}
\par\plain {"Eddie! You're awake!" Ashley breathed, her usual composure frayed at the edges.}
\par\plain {Will followed her in, looking equally exhausted but managing a weak grin. "Dude. You look like hell."}
\par\plain {Eddie let out a raspy chuckle, the sound catching in his sore throat. "Relax. You know, I've had worse."}
\par\plain {"Will, don't say that!" Ashley scolded, lightly smacking his arm before turning her worried gaze back to Eddie. "How are you feeling, really?"}
\par\plain {"Like I got kicked through a door and fell down a flight of stairs," Eddie admitted, a wry smile touching his lips. "But I'll live."}
\par\plain {As Ashley started meticulously arranging the pastries from the box onto a hospital tray and Will cracked open a cold bottle for him, Eddie just watched them. He watched the easy, familiar way they moved around each other, the unspoken rhythm of their friendship filling the sterile room with a warmth that no amount of tropical sun outside ever could. A profound sense of gratitude, so strong it almost hurt, washed over him.}
\par\plain {He remembered, then, how utterly impossible it all was. Will and Ashley had been his closest friends, his only real friends, since he'd arrived in Edenfield. They had come just as far from their homes as he had, from worlds he couldn't even imagine. He had never seen the endless, sprawling maze of London, the city that had shaped Will's sharp wit and unshakeable confidence. He had never felt the humid, subtropical heat of a Brisbane summer that lived in Ashley's pragmatic, sunny disposition. He was just a boy from a dying town in Oregon, a place that smelled of wet pine and quiet desperation.}
\par\plain {But here, by some sheer, miraculous chance of fate, the three of them had been drawn from completely different corners of the world to this mystical city in the heart of Solivia. A boy from America, a boy from England, and a girl from Australia. They had met, and in the strange, magical air of Edenfield, they had become best friends, a family forged not by blood, but by choice.}}