{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A distant hum\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 soft and steady, like an old air conditioner\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 merged with the rhythmic clicking of shoes on tile. He heard voices, muffled and layered, as though spoken through thick wool. a low drawl. a gentler cadence. a sharper interjections. Their words tangled just beyond his grasp, brushing the edges of understanding. Somewhere nearby, silk rustled faintly, and the soft clink of glass met the clatter of a tray being moved. The air was cool against his skin, and magic thrummed faintly beneath it all, like the heartbeat of the building itself. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stirred awake. Blinking against the soft fluorescent light that streamed through the stained-glass panels above. he found himself in a spacious, vibrant ward he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t recognise. The light cast warm yellow hues across the room. It refracts off the intricate stained-glass windows. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His body felt heavy, like he was sinking into the plush mattress beneath him. He shifted slightly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and a sharp bolt of pain shot up his left leg. He hissed through his teeth and stilled, his breath catching. A dull, throbbing ache pulsed just above the knee. The leg was stiff, wrapped in layers of linen and propped up slightly under the blankets. He could smell the faint, herbal scent of salves clinging to the cloth. His brown wool jacket was gone, replaced by a loose hospital robe. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He remembered blacking out on the path home, the pain in his chest, the sense of his body giving up after the attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Voices filtered through the silk curtain beside him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85Come on, I\u8217\'92m just saying, there\u8217\'92s no freakin\u8217\'92 way it was some wasted dude with a pitchfork,\u8221\'94 came Ashley\u8217\'92s voice, \u8220\'93He was, like, ten minutes from the East Gate. No way some random stumbles that close to campus without getting flagged.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A deeper voice joined in\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 measured, steady. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When I found him,\u8221\'94 said Henry, \u8220\'93There was someone nearby. Or something that looked like someone.\u8221\'94 A short pause, and then, firmer: \u8220\'93But it wasn\u8217\'92t an actual person. Not really. Something about the way it moved... it wasn\u8217\'92t right.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley then turned to Madeleine, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine, you\u8217\'92re the creature nerd here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what do you think? Something\u8217\'92s off, right?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure,\u8221\'94 said Madeleine gently. \u8220\'93The shape of the wounds\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it's not consistent with a  pitchfork. They\u8217\'92re jagged, uneven\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s like when your cat scratch you, but worse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley let out a dry laugh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, well, that must\u8217\'92ve been one seriously pissed-off cat to make that wound.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hang on a minute,\u8221\'94 Will said, voice low and serious, leaning forward like he was letting them in on something. \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 You reckon it was a creature?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d track. I mean\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 think about it. If it }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , the police\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to log it, send word to the Council, all that red tape. But they didn\u8217\'92t. They buried it. I think they don\u8217\'92t want folks panicking. Wouldn\u8217\'92t be the first time they swept something under the rug\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what with all those curfew notices and whispers about things prowling after dark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley snorted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here we go\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Detective Will\u8217\'92s back on the case. Next thing you know, you\u8217\'92ll be drawing red strings in your dorm room.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just saying,\u8221\'94 Will continued, \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve been here long enough. And we know the police don\u8217\'92t spin that hard unless someone told \u8217\'92em to. Higher up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a pause. Eddie kept his breathing steady, not quite ready to let them know he was awake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw it with my own eyes,\u8221\'94 Henry said, his voice low and steady. \u8220\'93It looked like a man. Walked like one too. But something was off\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 uncanny. That\u8217\'92s not an animal attack. Whatever it was... it wasn\u8217\'92t just some beast.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another pause.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you really think they\u8217\'92d put }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in the official report?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Will said, brows furrowed. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve been brushing this under for }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 months}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . First it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s missing pets\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 brushed off as strays. Then the whispers about Red Oak Lane, alleys folk avoid after sundown. Come on. Anyone with half a brain can see something\u8217\'92s not right.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 And now Edward.\u8221\'94 Madeleine\u8217\'92s voice softened. \u8220\'93He could\u8217\'92ve died.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked slowly, then let out a low groan. The talking stopped instantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s awake,\u8221\'94 Madeleine said gently, and he heard the shift of feet as someone moved to his bedside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The curtain drew back, and light spilled across his bed. Madeleine stood closest, her auburn hair catching the light. Will gave him a lopsided grin from beside her, while Ashley crossed her arms and gave him a look that was half-relief, half-scolding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie!\u8221\'94 Ashley said, shaking her head with a grin, \u8220\'93Dude, you gotta stop getting yourself wrecked if you wanna survive first year. Like, seriously.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I didn\u8217\'92t\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Eddie\u8217\'92s voice cracked. He coughed. His throat felt raw. \u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were rather hoping you\u8217\'92d be the one to fill us in,\u8221\'94 Will said, his brow slightly knit. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Henry told us that you were found unconscious outside the Astral Garden, unconscious,\u8221\'94 Madeleine explained, voice soothing. \u8220\'93Your wounds were\u8230\'85 severe. They said it was a pitchfork, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 But like, no random dude\u8217\'92s just strollin\u8217\'92 around Edenfield with a pitchfork like it\u8217\'92s Halloween or something,\u8221\'94 Ashley cut in. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie groaned and shifted upright, wincing at the pull in his bandaged side. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  some drunk dude, Ash,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he muttered, his voice hoarse. \u8220\'93Or\u8230\'85 at least, I thought so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will stepped forward, his tone steady but earnest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie, you can trust us, mate. Whatever you remember\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just say it. We\u8217\'92re not about to go blabbing it around.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She glanced at the others\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Madeleine, Will, even Henry\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 waiting for their confirmation. One by one, they nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie hesitated. The memory a blur in his mind, sharp and confusing. But one detail glared, undeniable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could\u8217\'92ve sworn it was a person,\u8221\'94 he said slowly. \u8220\'93Not some monster. I saw them, just for a second. A silhouette. Tall. Human. Moving weird, but definitely a person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The words had barely left his mouth when Madeleine stiffened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A person?\u8221\'94 she repeated, her voice a pitch higher than usual. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re sure? Not an animal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie frowned at her reaction. Madeleine, normally so composed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 always the calm in any storm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 suddenly looked pale. Her fingers clutched the hem of her sleeve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yeah,\u8221\'94 he said, uncertain. \u8220\'93It looked like one. Didn\u8217\'92t see a face or anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did it }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 use}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  something to hurt you?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley raised her hand with exaggerated enthusiasm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So wait\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hold up\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 are we saying it }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a pitchfork attack? Like, straight-up horror movie stuff?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will rolled his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ash, for the love of god, can you not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie let out a breath, then leaned back against the pillows, eyes distant. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t think much of it at first,\u8221\'94 he said, voice low. \u8220\'93It was almost two in the morning. I\u8217\'92d just left the library\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I\u8217\'92d stayed late copying a book for Alchemy. The campus was dead quiet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone watched him now. Even Claire had paused her quiet page-turning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was walking past the Archway Garden,\u8221\'94 Eddie continued, \u8220\'93and I saw someone just\u8230\'85 standing there. Under one of the old gaslamps. Alone. Wearing a suit, just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 still. Like a statue.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A suit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dark-colored. Didn\u8217\'92t look like a student. Or a professor. Just this tall guy. I thought maybe he was lost. Or drunk. I kept walking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His voice dropped. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then I heard footsteps. Behind me. Slow. Limping.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A hush fell over the group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I turned onto Fallow Lane\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the one behind the Rune Studies hall,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93And that\u8217\'92s when I saw it again. It was following me. Limping like its leg was twisted or broken. That\u8217\'92s when I started running.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand covered her mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t look back until I crossed into the courtyard behind Alchemy Hall. I thought I\u8217\'92d lost it. But when I turned\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Eddie swallowed. \u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t standing anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked up at them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 walking on all fours.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Like\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like a dog. Except it was still wearing the suit. Its arms were too long. And its face\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He blinked, the memory flickering behind his eyes. \u8220\'93Its face wasn\u8217\'92t right. The eyes were too far apart. The skin looked stretched. Like it was trying to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 look}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  human, but couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite manage it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just stunned stillness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked between them, the weight of the memory clinging to his chest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Any idea what that might be?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {For a moment, no one moved.}
\par\plain {Then Will leaned forward, brows furrowed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could it be a Ghoul? Or, like\u8230\'85 some kind of Undead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry let out a sharp breath through his nose. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be ridiculous.\u8221\'94 He crossed his arms. \u8220\'93Ghouls don\u8217\'92t wander into cities. They stick to old battlefields or ancient ruins. There hasn\u8217\'92t been a proper Undead sighting in Solivia for decades.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley rested her chin in her hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, what about vampires?\u8221\'94 she teased, smirking. \u8220\'93Or, ooh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 maybe a werewolf. Full moon\u8217\'92s just around the corner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will rolled his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ash, come on. There\u8217\'92s no vamps or werewolves in Edenfield. If there were, the Ministry would\u8217\'92ve locked the city down yesterday.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine opened her mouth slightly, but hesitated\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her brows pinched, clearly thinking.}
\par\plain {Henry noticed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine,\u8221\'94 he said gently, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got something, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She glanced at Eddie, then back to the others. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 she murmured. \u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know for sure, but\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Her voice dropped. \u8220\'93What Eddie described\u8230\'85 the way it moved, how it looked almost human before it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shifted\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She paused again, then finally said it.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85It sounded like the behaviour of a Chimaera.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The word lingered in the air.}
\par\plain {Silence fell. Will rubbed the back of his neck, eyes narrowed in thought. Henry crossed his arms, staring at the floor as if trying to piece together something unspoken.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoa wait,\u8221\'94 Ashley broke the quiet. \u8220\'93Hold up. What even }{\f0\fs24\i1 is}{ a Chimaera?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression turned grave. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not just one thing,\u8221\'94 she said softly. \u8220\'93Chimaera is a classification. They\u8217\'92re creatures made through\u8230\'85 unnatural means. Some through forbidden magic, others through a process called Alchemical Grafting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grafting, like plants?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kind of,\u8221\'94 Madeleine said, her tone tight. \u8220\'93But instead of branches and vines, you\u8217\'92re stitching together flesh. Tendons. Bones. Sometimes even minds. It\u8217\'92s a practice skirting the edge of necromancy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 closer to that than real alchemy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow furrowed. \u8220\'93And you're sure that's what this was?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine hesitated for a moment, then took a slow breath, like she was bracing herself.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Last semester, the Sanctuary received a creature,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice lower now, almost like she was telling a ghost story around a fire. \u8220\'93It was found by a Paladin unit stationed just outside the city walls. Whatever it was, it was barely alive. Mangled. Scarred. And\u8230\'85 wrong. Its body didn\u8217\'92t match any known species\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nothing from the Catalogue of Mythical Creatures. Nothing from the Sanctuary\u8217\'92s archives. It had human teeth. Reptilian skin. Its lungs\u8230\'85 clicked when it breathed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ew\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Ashley shivered. \u8220\'93Gross.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The researchers tried everything. Scans. Genetic matching. Even magical tracing,\u8221\'94 Madeleine continued, her voice hushed. \u8220\'93But it didn\u8217\'92t belong to anything in our world. Eventually, they gave up. The only category that fit was }{\f0\fs24\i1 Chimaera}{\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a man-made thing, spliced from gods-know-what.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will leaned forward. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened to it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It died,\u8221\'94 she said, simply. \u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t survive the month. Screamed the entire last night it was alive. Then just\u8230\'85 stopped.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {No one spoke.}
\par\plain {The air in the infirmary had gone still again.}
\par\plain {Madeleine finally turned to Henry, her voice more measured now. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not saying I\u8217\'92m a hundred percent sure. But from what I saw\u8230\'85 from what I }{\f0\fs24\i1 tried}{ to nurse last semester\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She paused, searching for the right words. \u8220\'93It really }{\f0\fs24\i1 sounded}{ like a Chimaera. The way it moved. The way Eddie described its body\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those inconsistencies.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She shook her head slightly. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s only a hypothesis. That\u8217\'92s all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond at first. His jaw tightened, and his eyes dropped to the floor as if something was beginning to click into place. Slowly, deliberately, he looked back up at her.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85If that\u8217\'92s true,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice low, like he didn\u8217\'92t want the words to be real, \u8220\'93then that means\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone succeeded in creating it,\u8221\'94 Madeleine said quietly. \u8220\'93And if what Eddie saw was true\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Her gaze slid toward Eddie, then returned to Henry. \u8220\'93\u8230\'85Then not just once. But twice.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie sat up straighter, his breath catching. His mind raced\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not with fear, but recognition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re kidding,\u8221\'94 he murmured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Madeleine wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t smiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, softly but with a rare note of resolve, Madeleine said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have to do something about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked around the circle of friends, her brows slightly drawn, eyes steady. For a moment, her usual softness was edged with something almost fierce.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before anyone could respond, the curtain snapped open with a rustle of silk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A nurse in pale blue robes stepped in, smiling politely. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry to interrupt. Visiting hours for Mr. Welton are over. The doctor will be in shortly for his examination.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {The group broke from their huddle. Ashley stood first, flashing Eddie a crooked smile as she bumped his shoulder lightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, dude. Rest up, yeah? And maybe next time, don\u8217\'92t go picking fights with nightmare fuel without giving us a heads-up.\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will followed, his tone brisk but warm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep your head clear, Ed. Rest, but don\u8217\'92t forget what happened. If someone\u8217\'92s covering this up\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we\u8217\'92ll find out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry gave a brief nod, the hem of his coat brushing the polished floor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay sharp, Edward. You\u8217\'92re lucky to be alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then came Madeleine. She stood near the foot of his bed, her expression softer now, though something lingered behind her eyes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 concern, perhaps, or fear she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t voicing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the others stepped out, she lingered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice quieter now that it was just the two of them. \u8220\'93Do you know when you\u8217\'92ll be out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dunno. They said at least a week. Maybe two, if the burns need more time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine nodded slowly. Her fingers fidgeted with the sleeve of her robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stepped closer and offered her hand again. He took it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and this time, she held it for a moment longer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good luck,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93And\u8230\'85 stay safe, alright?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then she flashed him her familiar warm smile. The one that always seemed to smooth the edges of everything else. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When you\u8217\'92re out\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 come find me. There\u8217\'92s something I want to show you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With that, she waved gently and slipped through the curtain after the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie leaned back against the pillows, the room quiet again save for the distant hum of magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was only then that he noticed the slip of paper in his hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Neat handwriting curled across the page: }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Madeleine D. 0712 443 229}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line And beneath it, a simple line:\line }{\f2\fs24\b1\i0 21st Norwood Street. Past the Campground. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Edenfield Mythical Creature Sanctuary.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}