{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The next morning, Eddie found himself trudging across the dewy university grounds, the early Sunday sun barely casting a glow over the campus. He yawned, the kind that made his whole body shiver, and shoved his hands deeper into the pockets of his coat.}
\par\plain {"Great," he muttered under his breath. "Now both of my weekend days are gone." His words came out in a low, bitter grumble, carried off by the crisp morning breeze, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First my Saturday with Madeleine, then my Sunday with Walther\u8230\'85 Great.\u8221\'94 He continues grumbling}
\par\plain {He stopped in the middle of the lawn, staring up at the Alchemy Building. He had seen it a hundred times before in passing, its pale stone fa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u231\'E7ade adorned with intricate carvings of transmutation circles and gilded embellishments. But standing here now, gazing up at its towering height, it seemed larger than life, almost oppressive.}
\par\plain {The top of the building was shrouded in mist, and Eddie squinted at the roof where Walther had instructed him to meet. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if it was allowed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or even safe\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to be up there, but Walther hadn\u8217\'92t seemed to care much about either detail. The thought of climbing the spiraling interior to reach the top filled Eddie with a mix of dread and frustration.}
\par\plain {He sighed, glancing at the lawn where he and Madeleine had practiced yesterday. The guilt from his outburst lingered like a weight in his chest. At least Madeleine had been considerate of his time, setting their practices at a reasonable hour. Walther, on the other hand, had decided }{\f0\fs24\i1 6 a.m.}{ was a perfectly fine time to meet.}
\par\plain {"Unbelievable," Eddie muttered. "What kind of person doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think this is ruining someone\u8217\'92s weekend?"}
\par\plain {Still, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t back out now. Walther\u8217\'92s insistence\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and Will\u8217\'92s encouragement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had boxed him in. Eddie sighed again, longer this time, before finally taking the first step toward the imposing building. Its shadow stretched across the lawn like a dark reminder of the challenge ahead.}
\par\plain {Up close, the building seemed even more intricate, its stone etched with alchemical symbols that almost seemed to shift and glow in the dim morning light. Eddie placed a hand on the cold surface of the front doors, taking a moment to steady himself.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 he said softly to himself. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get this over with.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He pushed open the heavy doors, stepping inside to begin his climb to the top. Behind him, the towering structure loomed, its peak lost in the morning fog, like a gateway to a whole new set of problems Eddie wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure he was ready to face.}
\par\plain {Eddie pushed against the heavy wooden gate of the Alchemy Building, its aged surface etched with intricate alchemical symbols that seemed to shimmer faintly in the early morning light. The door creaked open, the sound reverberating like a groan through the stillness.}
\par\plain {He hesitated on the threshold, peering into the dim interior. The building looked desolate, its grand halls cloaked in shadows that stretched long and eerie. Dust motes swirled in the beams of light filtering through high, narrow windows. Taking a breath, Eddie stepped inside, the chill of the place prickling at his skin as he swung the door shut behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Thud.}
\par\plain {The sound of the door closing echoed through the cavernous space, followed by an unsettling silence. Eddie adjusted the strap of his satchel, his every step clicking sharply against the smooth stone floor. The sound bounced off the high arches of the hallway, amplifying until it felt like the whole building was listening.}
\par\plain {He glanced around as he walked, the dim light barely illuminating the intricate carvings along the walls\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 depictions of transmutation circles, ancient glyphs, and figures of old alchemical masters locked in acts of creation. They seemed to watch him as he passed, their expressions frozen in stoic judgment.}
\par\plain {"Why does it feel like no one\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been here in years?" Eddie muttered under his breath, his voice swallowed by the shadows.}
\par\plain {The air was cool and carried a faint metallic tang, as though it had absorbed centuries of experimentation. Eddie rubbed his arms, trying to shake off the creeping unease as he continued deeper into the building. Every sound\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his steps, the faint rustle of his jacket, the occasional distant creak of the old structure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 felt amplified in the silence, pressing down on him.}
\par\plain {He paused at an intersection of hallways, glancing down the darkened corridors that stretched out like veins through the heart of the building. For a moment, he considered turning back. The thought of climbing all the way to the top, in this hollow, lifeless place, felt unreasonably daunting.}
\par\plain {But then Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words echoed in his mind: }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You want to be ready for the finals, don\u8217\'92t you? This is your chance to catch up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie shook his head, sighed, and pressed on. The shadows of the Alchemy Building seemed to shift around him, as if the place itself were alive, waiting, watching.}
\par\plain {Eddie trudged through the halls, climbing staircase after staircase, his footsteps echoing in the stillness of the Alchemy Building. He passed lecture halls with rows of empty seats, their high windows casting patterns of light and shadow across the room. He slowed, peering inside one of the labs. Shelves lined the walls, brimming with vials of colorful liquids, jars of mysterious ingredients, and tools he could only dream of using.}
\par\plain {He lingered for a moment, his hand resting on the doorframe. The thought burned in his mind: }{\f0\fs24\i1 If it weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t for these foundational courses, I\u8217\'92d be in here by now. Experimenting, learning...}{ His fingers clenched slightly, his determination rekindling. He tore his gaze away and continued upward.}
\par\plain {As he climbed higher, the stairs grew narrower, the air cooler, and the silence heavier. After what felt like an endless ascent, Eddie reached what he was sure had to be the topmost floor. He stepped into a small hallway that seemed unremarkable except for its emptiness.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now what?\u8221\'94 Eddie muttered, looking around. He turned down the hall, glancing at the ceiling until his eyes caught sight of a folded iron ladder tucked neatly against the wall, leading up to a trapdoor. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Bingo.}{ His heart gave a little jump of excitement. }{\f0\fs24\i1 That has to be the way to the rooftop.}
\par\plain {Standing before the ladder, he hesitated. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Okay, just get it down,}{ he thought, his hand gripping his wand. He took a deep breath, focusing on the spell he'd been practicing. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Steady... You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got this.}
\par\plain {Just as he raised his wand and muttered the incantation, a sudden croaky voice startled him.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oi, young lad!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie jumped, spinning around to see an older man standing in the hallway, a broom slung over one shoulder and a look of suspicion etched into his weathered face. The janitor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s clothes were simple and worn, his sharp eyes glinting under bushy eyebrows.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92re ye doing early this morning?\u8221\'94 the man barked, his voice cutting through the stillness. His gaze flicked down to Eddie\u8217\'92s wand, then up to the ladder, and his expression darkened. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t yer think of going to the rooftop! It\u8217\'92s off-limits to students like ye!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie froze, lowering his wand as his mind raced for an explanation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I-I wasn\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 uh, I mean, I was just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The janitor narrowed his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t yer give me that. Ain\u8217\'92t no reason fer a first-year to be muckin\u8217\'92 about up there. Ye\u8217\'92ll be in heaps o\u8217\'92 trouble if I catch ye meddlin\u8217\'92. Now, off with ye, before I report this!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie swallowed hard, nodding quickly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, sir. I was just, uh, lost. Won\u8217\'92t happen again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The janitor huffed, muttering something under his breath, and pointed toward the stairs with his broom. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lost yer way back to yer dorm, I reckon. Get goin\u8217\'92.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie retreated down the hall, his cheeks burning. As soon as he was out of sight, he let out a shaky breath, clutching his satchel strap tightly. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Great. Just great. What am I supposed to do now?}
\par\plain {The creak of footsteps echoed faintly through the dim hallway as Walther emerged from the shadows, his tall, lean figure cutting an imposing silhouette against the muted light filtering through the high windows. His long black coat flowed behind him as he approached, his movements precise and deliberate.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, there you are,\u8221\'94 Walther\u8217\'92s voice rang out, calm and cold, yet carrying a commanding presence. \u8220\'93Master Alchemist Borman himself requested that my peers and I conduct our studies on the rooftop this morning. He believes the fresh air at such a height sharpens the mind for alchemical practice.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The janitor, still clutching his broom, wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t convinced. His eyes narrowed suspiciously. \u8220\'93Oh aye? Master Alchemist Borman don\u8217\'92t send students off without proper paperwork. Let\u8217\'92s see it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Without hesitation, Walther reached into the folds of his coat, producing a blank scroll. Eddie, standing nearby, watched closely as Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers deftly scanned the paper from top to bottom, his movements deliberate. Eddie noticed the faint glow of a ring on Walther\u8217\'92s middle finger, the dim blue light trailing his hand\u8217\'92s motion.}
\par\plain {With a sharp snap of his fingers, Walther handed the parchment to the janitor.}
\par\plain {The old man squinted at the scroll, tilting it slightly as if inspecting it under invisible writing. To Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bewilderment, the janitor nodded, his expression easing into one of acceptance. \u8220\'93Fine, off ya go,\u8221\'94 he muttered, handing the parchment back and resuming his sweeping.}
\par\plain {Walther offered a curt \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you,\u8221\'94 and stepped toward the ladder. With a flick of his hand, the folded iron ladder creaked and groaned before descending smoothly. The blue glow of his ring lingered faintly in the air before fading.}
\par\plain {Eddie stared, his voice barely above a whisper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Walther, what the hell was that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Walther turned his head slightly, his icy gaze meeting Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s for a moment. \u8220\'93That, Welton,\u8221\'94 he said, his tone as clinical as ever, \u8220\'93is a simple illusion trick.\u8221\'94 He grasped the ladder, his words hanging in the air as he began his ascent.}
\par\plain {Eddie hesitated, glancing back toward the janitor, who was now muttering to himself as he worked, seemingly unaware of the peculiar exchange. With a deep breath, Eddie followed Walther up the ladder, his curiosity mingled with unease as they ascended toward the rooftop. }}