{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stepped through the gate, and the moment his foot crossed the threshold, the air changed. It was warmer here, lighter. He could hear the rustle of grass underfoot, the creaking of wood in the distance, and the soft grunts and murmurs of things\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 living things}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all around him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He followed close behind Madeleine, taking in the view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sheer scale of the place stopped him in his tracks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Compared to the Book Pirates' so-called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93headquarters\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a musty, booze-stained basement barely large enough for a table and mismatched chairs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was\u8230\'85 acres. Fences crisscrossed the landscape, separating fields and paddocks, with stone paths winding between tall grass and wildflowers. Some cabins stood off to the side, their moss-covered roofs blending with the landscape, while distant sheds and enclosures dotted the horizon like watchful outposts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And the creatures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were creatures everywhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A herd of something deer-like but scaled grazed lazily near the fence. Bright-feathered bird-beasts perched on low posts, ruffling their wings with annoyed chirps. A furry, long-legged animal with too many eyes blinked up at Eddie from behind a fence and then went back to chewing on a branch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is the front range,\u8221\'94 Madeleine said, her tone casual but proud. \u8220\'93We keep the gentler ones closer to the gate. Rescue gryphlings, retired hippogriffs, a few centaur folk who don\u8217\'92t mind being neighbors.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes wandered further out, where the landscape dipped into shadowy groves and distant enclosures. \u8220\'93And the dragons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Back there,\u8221\'94 she said, nodding toward the tree line in the far distance. \u8220\'93We keep the more aggressive or high-risk creatures farther out\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dragons, manticores, anything that breathes fire or bites through steel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie raised an eyebrow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And that\u8217\'92s where you want to take me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eventually, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie gave a skeptical chuckle, leaning slightly on his crutch. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because nothing says recovery like a stroll through the fire-breathing death animals.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You haven\u8217\'92t even met one of the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 cute}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  fire-breathing animals yet.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, did you just put \u8216\'91cute\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91fire-breathing\u8217\'92 in the same sentence?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked out over the Sanctuary again. Even from here, he could see the faint shimmer of heat waves rising from the far end, where the tree line thickened and the fences became taller, reinforced with wards and polished iron. Something inside him stirred\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mix of nerves, curiosity, and that same stubborn instinct that had made him board the bus in the first place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine rolled her eyes fondly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before that, I need to speak to someone,\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She led the way toward a modest stone building tucked under a slope, ivy creeping along its walls and a slanted roof sagging just slightly at the edges. A hand-painted sign above the door read: }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Caretaker\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Office}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Eddie followed her in, the faint scent of parchment and pine oils wafting from within.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the reception desk, instead of the usual student attendant, Madeleine nearly collided with\~Professor Gareth Hudson\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tall, silver-haired, and impeccably dressed in a charcoal-gray waistcoat, his presence as polished as the alchemy vials he carried. A harried student trailed behind him, arms stacked with ledgers titled\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Species Classification & Behavioral Anomalies}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m so sorry Professor, I was-\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, Mrs. Daedallia, not to worry,\u8221\'94\~Hudson said, his voice smooth and deliberate, like honey over steel.\~\u8220\'93A pleasure, as always.\u8221\'94\~His gaze flicked to Eddie, and a faint smile touched his lips.\~\u8220\'93Mr. Welton. States Transformation, isn\u8217\'92t it? I must admit, I never expected one of my own students to show such\u8230\'85 enthusiasm for mystical fauna.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stiffened at the backhanded compliment but forced a grin.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guess I\u8217\'92m just\u8230\'85 expanding my horizons, Professor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile didn\u8217\'92t reach his eyes.\~\u8220\'93How commendable.\u8221\'94\~He turned back to Madeleine, tilting his clipboard toward her.\~\u8220\'93Now, what brings Edenfield\u8217\'92s finest caretaker to the administrative den? Surely not my scintillating company.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers twitched toward the empty keyhook behind the desk.\~\u8220\'93I need access to the Back Range. For a tour.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A tour?\u8221\'94\~Hudson\u8217\'92s eyebrow arched.\~\u8220\'93With\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~one?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\~He gestured to Eddie\u8217\'92s crutch, his tone light but edged with skepticism.\~\u8220\'93The Back Range is no place for convalescents. Unless\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his voice dropped, almost playful\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93you\u8217\'92ve discovered a therapeutic application for wyvern venom I haven\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The student behind him stifled a nervous laugh. Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson tapped his clipboard with a gloved finger.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fortunately for you, I\u8217\'92ve just finished compiling data from the Back Range.\u8221\'94\~He gestured to the student behind him, who hurried to place the ledgers on the desk.\~\u8220\'93Though I\u8217\'92d advise against lingering for too long.\u8221\'94\~His gaze lingered on Eddie\u8217\'92s crutch.\~\u8220\'93Predators do so love uneven footing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine ignored the jab.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll manage.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure you will.\u8221\'94\~Hudson\u8217\'92s smile was razor-thin. \u8220\'93Mr. Jones has the key. Do remember to return it.\u8221\'94\~He paused, as if struck by a thought.\~\u8220\'93Ah, and Madeleine? The Student Council\u8217\'92s new security memo applies to\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~staff. Even you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson smiled\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 polite, practiced, and utterly unreadable.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excellent. I\u8217\'92d hate for your enthusiasm to be\u8230\'85 misconstrued.\u8221\'94\~He adjusted his cuffs, then gestured to the waiting student.\~\u8220\'93Now, if you\u8217\'92ll excuse me, these reports won\u8217\'92t transcribe themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he turned to leave, he paused, as if struck by an afterthought.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, and Madeleine?\u8221\'94\~He didn\u8217\'92t look back.\~\u8220\'93Do give my regards to the Alamirian tiger. She\u8217\'92s had quite the appetite lately.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he was gone, the sound of his polished shoes fading down the hall, leaving behind the faint scent of bergamot and something sharper\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ozone, maybe, or the ghost of an alchemical reaction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the reception desk, a student leaned back in a worn leather chair, on the table there is a name tag Hughes Jones. He is flipping through a thick ledger with one hand and munching on something out of a paper bag with the other. He looked up as they entered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Hughes,\u8221\'94 Madeleine greeted, brushing a strand of hair behind her ear. \u8220\'93Who was in charge of the gates today?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hughes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tall, freckled, popped the rest of his snack into his mouth and replied around a chew. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Victor. Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brows furrowed. \u8220\'93Then why were the gates closed? It\u8217\'92s not past hours yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hughes shrugged, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As you heard from Professor Hudson,\u8221\'94 he said as he flipped the ledger around lazily. \u8220\'93Security reasons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine blinked, clearly offended. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What security? We already have three layers. There\u8217\'92s the perimeter fences, the Illusory Gate, }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 and}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the fact that the entire Sanctuary is surrounded by a cloaked forest. Nothing gets in or out without going through the gate. You know that right?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hughes sighed like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been waiting for this part. \u8220\'93Look, I just follow the memo, alright. Got word from the Student Council folks that we needed to re-evaluate the Sanctuary\u8217\'92s security measures. Something about recent creature attacks near campus.\u8221\'94 He held up a crumpled newspaper. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re calling it a warning. If we don\u8217\'92t comply, they\u8217\'92ll start pulling campus support.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s ridiculous,\u8221\'94 Madeleine snapped, eyes narrowing. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve done a full count. There\u8217\'92s nothing missing, nothing added. Every species is accounted for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 Hughes said, shrugging again. \u8220\'93If the Student Council says jump, I ask how high. I don\u8217\'92t make the rules, Madeleine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine, more composed now, held out her hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine. Just give me the key to the Back Range. I\u8217\'92m giving my friend a tour.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hughes hesitated a beat, then opened a drawer and slid out a slender iron key. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here,\u8221\'94 he said, but gave Eddie a pointed look. \u8220\'93Just\u8230\'85 be careful, alright? Last thing I need is a second \u8216\'91incident report\u8217\'92 because someone wandered into a wyvern nest with a limp.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie raised a brow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oi, you guys talking about me?\u8221\'94 he said, in mock offense. \u8220\'93Because I }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 thrive}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in wyvern-infested terrain, thank you very much.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine smirked but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t linger. \u8220\'93Thanks, Hughes,\u8221\'94 she said, snatching the key before turning on her heel. \u8220\'93Come on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie followed her out, crutch thudding softly against the wooden floor as the door creaked shut behind them. Sunlight filtered through the trees again as they stepped onto the winding dirt path toward the Back Range, the air cooler, quieter, and oddly charged\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like something was waiting just ahead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Eddie and Madeleine walked deeper into the Sanctuary, the mood began to shift. Near the front, sunlight still touched the fences and grassy paths, where Sanctuary members were leading tours for wide-eyed elementary-aged students in matching cloaks. A small group clustered near a gentle, antlered beast with scales like polished stone, giggling as it bowed to let them pet its snout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Farther along, two caretakers were gently helping an older couple onto the back of a large, feathery creature. It had the wide, watchful eyes of an owl, a powerful bear-like body covered in dappled down, and tucked at its sides\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 massive, elegant wings folded like cloaks. The creature gave a low, soothing hoot as it crouched to let the riders on, its claws curling into the grass with surprising care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It moved with the softness of snowfall, each step deliberate, like it was trying not to startle the breeze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine nudged him.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a nightmare after all, hm?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I guess so.\u8221\'94 Eddie said, but his eyes stayed on the retreating wings.\~\u8220\'93But I didn\u8217\'92t think Professor Hudson for the type to volunteer here,\u8221\'94\~he said abruptly.\~\u8220\'93That man acts like he\u8217\'92d sanitize his hands after petting a dog.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile softened. She plucked a stray feather from the fence and twirled it between her fingers.\~\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s head of the Sanctuary\u8217\'92s research program. Has been for years.\u8221\'94\~Her voice was measured, the way she explained things to spooked animals\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 gentle but firm.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His connections at the university and the Alchemy Ingredients Warehouse keep our supplies stocked.\u8221\'94 She continued, \u8220\'93Without him, half the creatures here wouldn\u8217\'92t get their specialized tonics in time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie snorted.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but does he actually\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 like}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~them? Or are they just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 test tubes with fur?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She laughed, tossing the feather into the breeze.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I took his Botanical Alchemy course this year. He\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 meticulous. But people aren\u8217\'92t just one thing, Edward.\u8221\'94\~A pause, her gaze drifting toward the Back Range.\~\u8220\'93The man who lectures on \u8216\'91precision over passion\u8217\'92 also hand-feeds sugar cubes to the hippogriffs when he thinks no one\u8217\'92s looking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie raised an eyebrow.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re telling me Professor Hudson has a\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 soft side}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m telling you,\u8221\'94\~she said, turning to lead him down the path,\~\u8220\'93that even the prickliest people can surprise you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they walked deeper into the sanctuary, the cheerful sounds began to fade, replaced by the hush of thickening woods. The trees here grew denser, the canopy forming a living roof that swallowed the sun. The air turned cooler, stiller, and more humid. Eddie noticed the path narrowing as vines and moss crept along the edges, and the sound of their footfalls became muffled on the leafy ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine glanced back at him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is part of the containment,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93The trees are grown close on purpose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 enchanted and cultivated this way. Nothing with wings can take off easily in here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A forest as a cage.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A forest as a net,\u8221\'94 Madeleine corrected gently. \u8220\'93A soft one. The creatures don\u8217\'92t feel trapped, but it keeps everyone safe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They finally stepped into the Back Range, marked by a simple wooden arch wrapped in glowing vines. The shadows here were thick, and the only light came from hanging lanterns and fruits that glowed softly like moonlight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 violet, blue, and faintly golden.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many of the enclosures were hidden by dark fabrics or veils of moss. Muffled growls and low, thudding breaths rumbled from behind them, unseen but deeply felt. One enclosure bore claw marks on the bark of the trees surrounding it, but no sign of the creature inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression grew somber. \u8220\'93These ones are all recovering,\u8221\'94 she said softly. \u8220\'93Most of them were pulled from military use. Trained, abused, pushed past their limits. They weren\u8217\'92t made for war\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but they were used like weapons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked around, his gaze flicking from veil to lantern to the faint glow of eyes peering through a curtain of vines. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So they\u8217\'92re injured?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Body and spirit,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Some are still too aggressive to be handled. Others\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She paused. \u8220\'93Others just need someone to sit near them and remind them they\u8217\'92re not tools.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The silence that followed was heavier than before. Around them, the woods seemed to watch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And as they moved forward, Eddie began to see more of the creatures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 strange, otherworldly, and awe-inspiring. A towering quadruped with armor-like plates over its shoulders huffed in its sleep. A translucent, almost ghostly winged cat with double pupils crept along the high branches. A half-curled serpent with burning red eyes followed them with its gaze from behind a thick enchanted net.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie gripped his crutch tighter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remind me again why we\u8217\'92re walking }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 towards}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the terrifying creatures?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because you need to see one of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She led Eddie off the path, up a wooden ramp that creaked under their feet, toward one of the enclosed indoor glass sanctuaries tucked between the thick roots of the forest. The structure was built into the trees, its windows fogged and dark, blending into the woodland like a secret hidden in plain sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inside, the light dimmed. The sanctuary enclosure was cloaked in heavy shadow, its interior a terrain of sand, rock, and thick branches stacked like ribs. The plaque on the glass read in precise lettering:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 South Alamirian Tiger \endash  }{\f3\fs24\b1\i1 Panthera Alamaris}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Female. Estimated Age: 7. Confiscated from illegal exotic circus. High reactivity. Do not tap on enclosure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shifted his weight onto his crutch and looked around. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. So\u8230\'85 what exactly am I supposed to see?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep your voice down,\u8221\'94 Madeleine murmured, already crouching near a sack on the side. She reached inside and pulled out a thick slab of meat wrapped in brown cloth. With practiced hands, she unraveled it and picked up a feeding stick\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a long rod with a clamp at the end\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and gently stabbed the meat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie was about to ask another question when he heard it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A low, reverberating growl rolled through the enclosure like a slow thunder. He stiffened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t flinch. She simply walked forward and held the rod out, her voice suddenly soft and coaxing. \u8220\'93Here, girl,\u8221\'94 she said, like she was trying to tempt a housecat out from under a couch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A blur of motion. Something large and lean lunged from the shadows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and in a blink, the meat was gone. Snatched mid-air with a sickening }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 crunch}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The rod quivered slightly in Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then it stepped into view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught in his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creature was tall\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 taller than any normal big cat he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever seen. Its body was thin, almost gaunt, but taut with power. A desert-colored coat stretched over sharp muscles, broken only by black stripes like brushstrokes. Its eyes glowed amber in the gloom, wild and intelligent. It prowled low, its massive paws silent against the rock, its tail twitching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the size that struck Eddie dumb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the familiarity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He knew this shape. The lean torso. The long arms. The face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 feral but almost knowing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the same silhouette that had lunged at him through the firelight back on campus. Except\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 not quite. This one was unmistakably an animal. Its movements were feline, graceful, natural. Not like the twisted, upright thing that had ambushed him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine, still holding the rod, glanced at Eddie and smiled gently. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s a South Alamirian Tiger,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice tinged with affection. \u8220\'93Hails from the furthest end of the Alamirian Dunes. Not many left in the wild. This one was taken from a traveling circus in the Northern Markets. Starved, overworked, shackled since she was a cub. She barely knew how to use her claws when they brought her in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her eyes sparkled now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pride, defiance, maybe even joy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as she spoke. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s the only one we have in the Sanctuary. Took months before she would even let us stand this close. Now she eats from the stick. One day I\u8217\'92m hoping she\u8217\'92ll come right to my hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer right away. He was still watching the tiger, who now licked the blood off her paw with slow, deliberate motions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip tightened on the feeding rod.\~\u8220\'93Is this what attacked you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shook his head.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Not exactly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s close?\u8221\'94\~Her voice was taut, like a wire about to snap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Same claws. Same eyes. Same way it\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 moves}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\~Eddie\u8217\'92s hands flexed at his sides, as if trying to sculpt the memory out of the air.\~\u8220\'93But the thing that came at me stood\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 upright}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Two legs, like a person. Except\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94\~He shuddered.\~\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 pretending}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~to be human. It was like\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 something had\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 forced}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~it into the shape of one.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine went very still. Then, with deliberate slowness, she set the rod down and pulled a small notebook from her pocket. The pages fluttered as she flipped to a blank sheet, her pencil already moving.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show me,\u8221\'94\~she said, her tone calm but edged.\~\u8220\'93Start with the silhouette.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie leaned in.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Taller than me. Thin, but not starved\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 wiry}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\~He watched her sketch the rough outline: a hunched spine, elongated limbs.\~\u8220\'93Shoulders more\u8230\'85\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 here}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\~he corrected, tapping the page. Madeleine adjusted the lines without a word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The face?\u8221\'94\~she prompted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feline. But the jaw was wrong\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 broader}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\~His finger slashed across the sketch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pencil froze. A drop of sweat slid down her temple.\~\u8220\'93Did it have\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 hands}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not quite. The fingers were fused halfway. Like it got stuck mid-change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her pencil snapped. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to notice. The sketch was taking shape now: a grotesque fusion of tiger and man, its posture twisted as if its bones had been broken and reset wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach turned.\~\u8220\'93Yeah. That\u8217\'92s the one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine stared at the drawing, her breath shallow. Around them, the Sanctuary\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s usual chorus of chirps and growls had gone eerily quiet, as if the creatures themselves were listening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she started, then stopped, her jaw clenched. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s terrifying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stayed quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not just that }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 one}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of them were loose in Edenfield,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she went on, voice low, nearly a whisper. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s that I don\u8217\'92t want to imagine what they }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 stitched together}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to make something like that.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie swallowed. The silence stretched. Only the soft, wet sound of the tiger chewing filled the air, methodical and primal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine finally looked back at him, eyes more focused now. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to do something about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should meet up with the others. At the Library. Midnight as usual.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine blinked. Then, slowly, a small smile tugged at the corners of her mouth. She stepped forward and tapped him gently on the arm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Next week,\u8221\'94 she said softly. \u8220\'93You need to rest first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie exhaled. He hadn't realized how tightly he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been gripping his crutch. \u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85 okay. Next week.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine nodded, her expression softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know someone who might be able to help,\u8221\'94 she said quietly. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve got connections with the district government\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 real ones, not just student council nonsense. I can let them know about our next meeting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked up at her, curious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You trust them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do,\u8221\'94 she said, firm but calm. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ll be glad to help. Especially if something this dangerous is walking around Edenfield.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded slowly. The silence returned, filled only by the soft crunching of the tiger eating its meal behind the glass. The weight of what they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just discussed still lingered, but something in Madeleine\u8217\'92s certainty settled him a little.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Outside, the leaves rustled in the thick trees above. The tiger, finished with her meal, settled back into the shadows, vanishing like a ghost into the enclosure\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s far corner.}}