{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki walked along the narrow paved road, the bright glow of the morning light growing more intense with every step. The air was warm and golden, the kind of light that made everything seem softer, more dreamlike. She squinted against the brightness, her heart pounding as she approached the end of the road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And then, she saw it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The town spread out before her, its streets and buildings bathed in the warm morning light. But it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the town she knew. Not the one she had grown up in, with its modern buildings and bustling streets. This town was smaller, quieter, its buildings low and traditional, their wooden frames and tiled roofs weathered by time. The streets were narrow and winding, lined with old-fashioned storefronts and houses that looked like they belonged in a different era.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stopped in her tracks, her mouth falling open as she took in the sight. This was her town\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she recognized the layout, the curve of the streets, the placement of the hills in the distance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but it was\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 different. Some of the buildings she remembered were missing, replaced by empty lots or smaller, older structures. Others were still there, but they looked different, their modern facades replaced by traditional wooden frames and sliding paper doors.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She turned in a slow circle, her mind struggling to make sense of what she was seeing. The town was alive, but it felt like a memory, a snapshot of a time long past. People moved through the streets, their clothes old-fashioned and their movements unhurried. A man in a worn kimono swept the steps of a small shop, while a woman in a simple dress balanced a basket of vegetables on her hip. A group of children ran past, their laughter echoing through the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She turned to where her house should have been, her heart pounding in her chest. But there was nothing there. Just an empty plot of land, overgrown with grass and wildflowers. No grand, traditional estate. No familiar gate or garden. Just emptiness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stumbled back, her legs trembling beneath her. This couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be real. It had to be a dream, a hallucination, something. But the air smelled of earth and woodsmoke, the sounds of the town were too vivid, too real. She reached out to touch the wall of a nearby building, her fingers brushing against the rough wood. It was solid. Real.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She was here. In the past.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stumbled back, her legs trembling beneath her. This couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be real. It had to be a dream, a hallucination, something. But the air smelled of earth and woodsmoke, the sounds of the town were too vivid, too real. She reached out to touch the wall of a nearby building, her fingers brushing against the rough wood. It was solid. Real.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 She stood there, her mind racing, trying to make sense of the situation. The town around her was alive, bustling with activity, but it felt like a world she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t belong to. The people, the buildings, the smells\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was all too much. She closed her eyes, taking a deep breath, trying to steady herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And then, from somewhere in the distance, she heard a shout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki opened her eyes, glancing around. The voice didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem directed at her, so she ignored it, her thoughts still swirling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey! Watch out!!\u8221\'94 the voice shouted again, louder this time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki turned her head, her brow furrowing in confusion. Before she could react, something hard and fast smacked into the side of her head with a loud\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 thwack}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Pain exploded across her temple, and she stumbled, falling to the ground with a groan.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ow\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she muttered, clutching her head as she sat up. Her vision swam for a moment, and she blinked, trying to clear it. A baseball rolled to a stop a few feet away from her, its white surface scuffed and dirty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh no! Are you okay?!\u8221\'94 a voice called out, footsteps pounding against the cobblestone street as someone ran toward her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki looked up, squinting against the sunlight, to see a boy skidding to a stop in front of her. He was around her age, his dark hair messy and his cheeks flushed from running. He wore a simple white shirt and shorts, and in his hand, he held a worn baseball glove.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so sorry!\u8221\'94 he said, his voice filled with genuine concern. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t see you there! Are you hurt?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki winced, touching the side of her head where the ball had hit her. It throbbed, but the pain was already fading. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m fine,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice shaky. \u8220\'93Just\u8230\'85 surprised.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The boy crouched down next to her, his eyes wide with worry. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure? That looked like it hurt. Here, let me help you up.\u8221\'94 He held out his hand, and after a moment\u8217\'92s hesitation, Haruki took it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He pulled her to her feet with surprising strength, his grip firm but gentle. Haruki swayed slightly, still feeling a little dizzy, but the boy steadied her with a hand on her shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not from around here, are you?\u8221\'94 he asked, tilting his head as he studied her. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never seen you before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki blinked, her mind still reeling from everything that had happened. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85 no,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice hesitant. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m\u8230\'85 just passing through.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes dropped to her uniform, and his face lit up with recognition. \u8220\'93Wait, are you from Fukumitsu High School?\u8221\'94 he asked, pointing to the emblem on her blazer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart skipped a beat. Fukumitsu High School. Her school. The one she attended in the present. She nodded slowly, her voice barely above a whisper. \u8220\'93Yes\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m from Fukumitsu.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The boy grinned, his worry replaced by excitement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, great then! I\u8217\'92m from Fukumitsu too! Me and my friends are just hanging out, passing some time before class. Maybe you should join us so we can go to school together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stared at him, her mind struggling to process everything. Fukumitsu High School existed here, in this time. It was still standing, still a part of this town. The realization gave her a small flicker of hope, a tiny anchor in the sea of confusion she was drowning in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85 sure,\u8221\'94 she said finally, her voice shaky. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll join you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grin widened, and he picked up the baseball, tossing it lightly in his hand. \u8220\'93Great! Follow me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki followed him down the street, her mind racing. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what was happening or how she had ended up here, but at least her school was still here. At least there was something familiar in this strange, unfamiliar world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As they walked, Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s curiosity got the better of her. She glanced at the boy, he had called himself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and asked, \u8220\'93What year is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The boy stopped mid-step, turning to look at her with a puzzled expression. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94 he asked, half-laughing. \u8220\'93You just met a someone, and the first thing you ask is what year it is? Not even an introduction?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93O-oh, I\u8217\'92m sorry, excuse me.\u8221\'94 Haruki stumbled, \u8220\'93I-I\u8217\'92m Haruki, Haruki Fujiyama.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fujiyama?\u8221\'94 The boy pondered, then studied her. \u8220\'93Have I seen you somewhere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Umm, maybe it was just a coincidence,\u8221\'94 She chuckled, \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s many people with the name Fujiyama, afterall.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh right,\u8221\'94 She chuckled, \u8220\'93Forgive me, but why do you want to know what year is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki flushed, realizing how strange her question must have sounded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85 I was just curious,\u8221\'94 she stammered, trying to cover her slip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The boy shrugged, his easygoing smile returning. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, if you really want to know, it\u8217\'92s June first, 1961. The start of summer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki froze, her feet stopping as if rooted to the ground. Her mind raced, trying to process what he had just said.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 1961.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~She had traveled over six decades into the past. The realization hit her like a punch to the gut, leaving her breathless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The boy stopped too, turning back to look at her with a confused frown. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the matter?\u8221\'94 he asked, his tone tinged with concern.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Wait\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she said slowly,  }{\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stared at him, her heart pounding in her chest. her voice barely above a whisper. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Who are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The boy blinked, taken aback by the intensity of her question. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me?\u8221\'94 he scoffed, before extending his hand with a grin. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Nagano. Pleased to meet you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught in her throat. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nagano\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she repeated, her voice trembling. \u8220\'93Nagano Fujiyama?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The boy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Nagano\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nodded, his grin widening. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, that\u8217\'92s me. How\u8217\'92d you guess that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s legs felt like they might give out beneath her. She stared at him, her mind reeling. This couldn\u8217\'92t be real. This couldn\u8217\'92t be the same man who had raised her, the stern, distant figure who had always seemed so unapproachable. The boy in front of her was nothing like that. He was kind, smiling, easygoing. There was no trace of the white hair or the stern voice she associated with her father. He was\u8230\'85 different.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93D-dad?\u8221\'94 she managed to ask weakly, her voice barely audible.}}