{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The campus at midnight was a place transformed. The chatter of daytime was gone, replaced by a stillness that carried weight. Only the hush of wind slipping between the old stone halls, the rhythm of footfalls on cobbled paths, and the occasional chirr of crickets dared to interrupt the silence. Every now and then, distant laughter or the murmur of conversation drifted from windows still lit\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 last-minute crammers, night owls, or lovers defying curfew.}
\par\plain {Eddie walked with his hands in his coat pockets, his steps steady now, no longer leaning on a crutch. His leg still ached if he pushed it, but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d healed enough to walk without help. The cool night air bit through his collar, but he didn\u8217\'92t mind it. It kept him sharp.}
\par\plain {Will strolled beside him, guitar slung casually over one shoulder. He must\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve come straight from a late-night practice in the Bardry building\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his fingers were inked with fresh rune smudges and the faint scent of burnt sage clung to him.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, c\u8217\'92mon Ed!\u8221\'94 Will said, nudging Eddie with his elbow. \u8220\'93You haven\u8217\'92t told us how\u8217\'92d the date go!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I told you, Will.\u8221\'94 Eddie gave him a look. \u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t a date.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will raised both brows like that proved his point. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh yeah? A stroll through the sanctuary, just the two of you, lingering stares across carnivorous beasts\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 classic not-a-date behavior.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look- mate.\u8221\'94 Eddie sighed, rubbing his eyes, \u8220\'93Madeleine called me for a reason, alright? She\u8217\'92s just called me because she needed to make sure of something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A third voice joined in from the other side.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh-huh, is it making sure you\u8217\'92re compatible,\u8221\'94 Ashley said sweetly, falling into step with them. She was fresh from the Witchcraft building, her long sleeves pushed up to the elbows and a faint shimmer of spelllight still clinging to her hair.}
\par\plain {Eddie groaned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not you too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? I\u8217\'92m just saying. Mutual trust is important in a relationship. And you cannot get that if you haven\u8217\'92t had a stroll with just the two of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will turn both of you into bronze statues, if you both don\u8217\'92t shut up.\u8221\'94 Eddie hissed.}
\par\plain {They continued down the stone path toward the library, the laughter slowly ebbing as the towering structure came into view, casting long shadows under the moonlight.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 Ashley said, turning slightly toward Eddie. \u8220\'93All jokes aside\u8230\'85 what did you and Madeleine find last week? You didn\u8217\'92t go all the way to Norwood just to have a date, did you?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Eddie hesitated for a second, eyes flicking toward the library doors ahead. Then he sighed, the words coming slowly.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Firstly,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, now a bit annoyed, \u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t a date, but the next thing I found was South Alamirian Tiger,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the base creature that attacked me a few weeks ago. Big cat from the dunes. Real one\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not whatever came after me. But the way it moved, the eyes\u8230\'85 it was the same. Just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 he stopped, searching for the right phrasing.}
\par\plain { \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The thing that attacked me wasn\u8217\'92t just a tiger. It was\u8230\'85 stitched with something else. We still don\u8217\'92t know what. But we know what it }{\f0\fs24\i1 is a}{ Chimaera.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley slowed her steps. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That can\u8217\'92t be right. Chimaera breeding been outlawed for centuries. No reputable alchemist would even touch that kind of spellwork.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No }{\f0\fs24\i1 good}{ one would I bet,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Will muttered. \u8220\'93But someone out there\u8217\'92s doing it. And the authorities are letting their bad experiment results roam around campus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. They\u8217\'92re not }{\f0\fs24\i1 letting}{ anything. From what I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve heard, the police are hunting them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 quietly. Curfew patrols have doubled. It\u8217\'92s not public knowledge because\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She paused, then said it plainly. \u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t want people thinking Edenfield isn\u8217\'92t safe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie ran a hand through his hair, the anxiety returning to his jaw.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine said she knows someone who might be able to help. Someone with ties to the local press. She\u8217\'92s going to reach out when she can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will tilted his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know yet. She didn\u8217\'92t say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley gave him a sideways glance. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you trust her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {They reached the base of the library steps. The doors loomed above them, tall and still. For a moment, none of them moved\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just stood in the cold, listening to the silence wrap back around them.}
\par\plain {Then Will broke it with a grin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well. Nothing like illegal magical bioengineering conspiracies to spice up your semester.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley gave him a flat look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is serious, Will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I }{\f0\fs24\i1 am}{ being serious. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m terrified. This is how I cope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {As they reached the great oak doors of the Edenfield Library, Eddie slowed his pace. A small wooden sign hung crookedly on the handle: }{\f0\fs24\b1 CLOSED}{. The curtains on the tall arched windows were drawn, veiling the warm glow within.}
\par\plain {But Ashley stepped forward confidently, peering through a narrow gap in the curtains. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There,\u8221\'94 she said, pointing. \u8220\'93Blue cover on the sill. We\u8217\'92re expected.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {They pushed the door open, hinges creaking softly. The familiar scent of parchment and old dust welcomed them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but what stood inside was anything but familiar comfort.}
\par\plain {At the long central table, beneath the golden light of an enchanted chandelier, stood }{\f0\fs24\b0 Victoria Aynesworth,}{ arms folded, chin high, lips curled in a perfect mixture of amusement and disdain. She was flanked by two of her Student Council companions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 both equally smug in their tailored sashes and gleaming house pins.}
\par\plain {Will stopped in his tracks. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got to be kidding.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression darkened. \u8220\'93What }{\f0\fs24\i1 is}{ she doing here?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened. His last run-in with Victoria had nearly cost him his place at Edenfield. The memory of her sneering accusations, her carefully worded report full of half-truths and venom, surfaced like bile.}
\par\plain {Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes sparkled as she took them in, one by one. \u8220\'93Well, well, well,\u8221\'94 she drawled. \u8220\'93If it isn\u8217\'92t the Pirate, the Bard, and the filthy Witch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will bristled immediately. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Takes one to know one, Aysnesworth. Or are you trying on slurs now, see which one fits?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Victoria gave him a mock pout. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aw, still got that charming sense of humor. No wonder they stuck you in Bardry\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you clearly can\u8217\'92t handle anything more than that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley stepped forward, her voice cool. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Claire invited }{\f0\fs24\i1 us}{. Not you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 Victoria said with a syrupy smile, \u8220\'93But I was invited, darling. Just like you. We all want to solve this little}{\f0\fs24\i1  problem}{, don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t we?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie glanced around warily. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s Claire? And where\u8217\'92s Madeleine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ll be along shortly,\u8221\'94 Victoria said, casually taking a seat. \u8220\'93But don\u8217\'92t worry. We\u8217\'92re all friends here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Friends?\u8221\'94 Eddie shot back, arms crossed. \u8220\'93You tried to get us expelled!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smirk didn\u8217\'92t falter. \u8220\'93And }{\f0\fs24\i1 you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re}{ stealing books.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will stepped in with a dry scoff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean }{\f0\fs24\i1 liberating}{ neglected knowledge from an overregulated system?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Call it whatever you like,\u8221\'94 Victoria said, eyes gleaming. \u8220\'93You lot act like the rules don\u8217\'92t apply to you. Just because you\u8217\'92ve got a sob story and a few tricks up your sleeves doesn\u8217\'92t mean you belong here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice turned cold. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got some nerve talking about who }{\f0\fs24\i1 belongs}{ here, when all you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve done is try to tear people down from day one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed. \u8220\'93Tread carefully, Witch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or what?\u8221\'94 Eddie stepped forward. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll write another }{\f0\fs24\i1 incident report}{?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Before Victoria could reply, a door creaked open behind the reception desk. Madeleine and Claire emerged\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Madeleine looking mildly exasperated, and Claire holding a stack of leather-bound tomes in one hand and a steaming teacup in the other.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\i1 Honestly,}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Claire snapped, her voice echoing across the shelves. \u8220\'93Would the lot of you }{\f0\fs24\i1 please}{ stop bickering like a bunch of toddlers?! I can hear you from the back stacks.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Everyone turned to her, stunned into silence.}
\par\plain {Claire stepped forward, setting the books down with a firm }{\f0\fs24\i1 thump}{. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is }{\f0\fs24\i1 my}{ library. Which means if anyone gets caught tonight, }{\f0\fs24\i1 I}{ lose my volunteer license. Not you. So unless you want to take over my hours organizing the Archives every Thursday morning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 quiet down.}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {With a few reluctant mutters, the group settled\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Victoria back in her seat, Will leaning against a column, and Ashley crossing her arms but staying silent. Eddie took a seat on the long table, directly opposite from Victoria, still tense but holding back.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good. Now that the theatre\u8217\'92s over\u8230\'85 can you please explain what\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94 Claire said, motioning towards Madeleine}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Madeleine folded her hands on the table. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93After the incident in the East Courtyard,\u8221\'94 she began, her voice steady, \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve come to the conclusion that the one roaming at the streets at night are Chimaera.\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {A ripple of unease passed through the room.}
\par\plain {That immediately drew a scoff from Victoria. She leaned back, arms crossed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92re basing that on }{\f0\fs24\i1 his}{ word?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she said, tilting her chin toward Eddie. \u8220\'93How do you know he\u8217\'92s not making it up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie leaned forward, fists clenched. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {But Ashley cut him off, voice calm but pointed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because there\u8217\'92ve already been multiple reports,\u8221\'94 she said, locking eyes with Victoria. \u8220\'93People claiming they were attacked by drunks or wild animals, only for it to be brushed off by the Guard. No follow-up, no investigation. Sound familiar?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Victoria didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer, but her expression hardened.}
\par\plain {Ashley continued, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe those people weren\u8217\'92t drunk. Maybe they }{\f0\fs24\i1 did}{ see something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t supposed to. But they were told into thinking it was all in their heads.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The tension was thick enough to slice with a wand. But before it could spark again, Madeleine held up her hand.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, everyone,\u8221\'94 she said, voice firm. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t bring you all here to fight. I brought you here because whether you like it or not, we\u8217\'92re all connected in this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She turned to Victoria, her voice softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been upset for months, haven\u8217\'92t you? Since your dog went missing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Victoria stiffened. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What does that have to do with this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where did it happen?\u8221\'94 Madeleine pressed gently.}
\par\plain {Victoria hesitated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hallowmore District.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will let out a low whistle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Figures.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s where it starts to get strange,\u8221\'94 Madeleine said, pacing slowly. \u8220\'93Because the moment I checked that area, I found similar reports. Missing pets. Scratches on doors. Odd tracks in the alleys. The same place where Eddie was attacked.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie leaned forward, resting his arms on the table. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Madeleine, but what are you planning to do with all of this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know this better than I do, Edward.\u8221\'94 Madeleine stopped pacing and looked at him. \u8220\'93Chimaeras don\u8217\'92t breed,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re not like natural animals. They\u8217\'92re created\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stitched together, piece by piece, using advanced Alchemy and dark magic. So if they exist\u8230\'85 someone\u8217\'92s making them. Somewhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Victoria gave a small nod, arms crossed but listening now.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I asked Victoria to reach out to the }{\f0\fs24\i1 Edenfield Press}{,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Madeleine continued. \u8220\'93To check recent articles\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 anything reporting strange sightings, disappearances, oddities. Most of them are ridiculous, obviously\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ghost stories, people seeing shadow-dogs, that sort of thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but when you look at them together\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They make a pattern,\u8221\'94 Eddie finished.}
\par\plain {Madeleine nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Exactly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Victoria turned to her friends. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You two\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 get the map.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The two student council members moved quickly, retrieving a large folded map from one of the reading desks. They cleared space at the table and laid it flat across the wood, the parchment crackling under their fingers.}
\par\plain {Victoria stepped around the side and gestured to the colored ink markings scattered across the paper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We cross-referenced the articles with the city\u8217\'92s event archives. Most were nonsense, but a few of the stories showed consistency\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sightings of unnatural movement, guttural noises, pet disappearances, signs of struggle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie peered at the map. Red ink dotted various corners of the city, with colored pins anchoring clusters.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re everywhere,\u8221\'94 Ashley murmured. \u8220\'93Scattered.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They are,\u8221\'94 Victoria said. \u8220\'93But look here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She gestured toward the map\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lower-right quadrant. The Hallowmore District. Compared to the rest of Edenfield, the dots here were dense, overlapping in places, with lines drawn connecting several known alleyways, derelict buildings, and abandoned properties.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We think this is the epicenter,\u8221\'94 Victoria said. \u8220\'93And if it is\u8230\'85 then whatever\u8217\'92s making these things might be there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The group leaned in, scanning the spread of dots and notes. Will squinted, tracing the pattern with his finger before tapping a spot just off the main thoroughfare.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold up,\u8221\'94 he said, tapping the map with the back of his pencil. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s this place? \u8216\'91Animal Garden?\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley leaned in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A pet store. I think it\u8217\'92s one of the only ones in Hallowmore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will sat back, his brow furrowed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t track. In working-class neighborhoods like this, pet stores are rare\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 barely any business in them. Most folks can\u8217\'92t afford fancy pets, let alone vet bills or the upkeep. You might get feed shops, sure. But a whole storefront for companion animals in the middle of factories and forges? That\u8217\'92s weird.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine then asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean by that?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean,\u8221\'94 Will continued, \u8220\'93Hallowmore\u8217\'92s not like Northgarden or the Arcane Quarter with all the posh conjuration schools and creature studies programs. This area\u8217\'92s about heat, labor, stone. And this pet shop is boxed in by factories, and not even the new kind\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 abandoned ones. It smells fishy to me.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Will then leaned back, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I were building Frankenstein looking crap, I\u8217\'92d want a place like that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 looks innocent, nobody asks questions, and the deliveries wouldn\u8217\'92t look suspicious.\u8221\'94 }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie raised a brow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 disturbingly logical.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grew up around strip malls. Sketchy pet shops, dollar stores, carwashes all crammed next to each other. You learn to spot the weird ones fast.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley leaned over the map. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So if Animal Garden is part of it\u8230\'85 that might be where the Chimaeras are coming from\u8230\'85 right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or at least where they\u8217\'92re getting their raw materials,\u8221\'94 Will added grimly.}
\par\plain {Madeleine nodded slowly, her expression darkening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is one way to find out.\u8221\'94}}