{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Eddie stirred awake. Blinking against the soft sunlight that streamed through the stained-glass panels above. Gone were the dark woods and the weight of exhaustion. Instead, he found himself in a spacious, vibrant ward he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t recognise. The sunlight cast warm red, blue, and green hues across the room. It refracts off the intricate stained-glass windows. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Rows of clean beds stretched out before him. Each of them is separated by shimmering silk curtains. The curtains caught the sunlight, creating a soft glow. The air was thick with an unsettling peace\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 too muted for comfort. Faint murmurs of incantations and the soft hum of magic filled the air. Healers, clad in flowing robes that ripple like water, moved gracefully from bed to bed. Their hands glowed as they worked. Their whispers of healing spells were gentle, but to Eddie, they stirred an unease deep inside him. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {His body felt heavy like he was sinking into the plush mattress beneath him. He glanced down at his chest. Bandages wrapped tightly around his chest. He could smell the faint, herbal scent of salves beneath the cloth. His brown wool jacket was gone, replaced by a loose hospital robe. The memory of the Deep Glaive, Catherine, and the Nightingale Fox flickered in his mind. He remembered blacking out on the path home, the pain in his chest, the sense of his body giving up after the fight. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The air seemed charged, but it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the comforting hum of everyday magic. This was a more profound, more potent force\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a place of magic meant to heal, but not the kind Eddie was used to. He didn\u8217\'92t trust it. He glanced around warily, trying to shake off the lingering fog from his blackout. Where was he? And what had these healers done to him while he was unconscious? }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie looked around. He turned his head and noticed a small cupcake on the side table beside his bed. Beside it, a familiar little box rested, its lid slightly ajar. His heart lifted a little at the sight, recognising the playful touch. Two folded notes lay beside the cupcake, each written in distinct, familiar handwriting. }}