{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The clock ticked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A hollow, relentless sound, like a fingernail tapping against glass. Then the scrape of pencils\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nervous, hurried\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 etching answers onto paper. A cough. The rustle of someone shifting in their seat. The slow, deliberate click-clack of the teacher\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoes as he paced between rows, his shadow stretching long under the flickering fluorescent lights.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At the back of the room, a boy with unruly brunette hair and jade-green eyes stared at his exam paper, his fingers tight around his pencil. His maroon jumper was rumpled, sleeves pushed up to his elbows, and his brown jacket slumped over the back of his chair like a discarded second skin. The numbers and formulas blurred in front of him, not because he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know them, but because the silence was too loud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Tick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knee bounced under the desk. His pencil hovered over question four\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Calculate the molar mass of sulfuric acid}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but his mind was elsewhere. The clock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ticking had become a drumbeat, syncing with his pulse. A bead of sweat traced his temple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Tock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Someone whispered two rows ahead. The teacher\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoes stopped. A sharp inhale. The whisperer fell silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie answered the first few questions with ease\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stoichiometry, balancing equations, nothing he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t done before. His pencil moved in quick, confident strokes. But then, as always, his focus began to slip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The graphite tip against paper wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 graphite}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~anymore. He could\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 see}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the layers of carbon, the way the atoms locked together in hexagonal lattices, the faint, shimmering resonance of electrons dancing between them. His vision tunneled, the classroom fading at the edges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His gaze drifted upward, past the exam paper, past the rows of bent heads, to the window. The sky wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just blue\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was a swirling sea of oxygen molecules, nitrogen, the occasional rogue pollutant from a passing car\u8217\'92s exhaust. Sunlight didn\u8217\'92t just\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 shine}{\f0\fs24\b0 ; it collided with the air, scattering, bending, turning the atmosphere into a living, shifting prism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Mr. Welton?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The voice barely registered. He was too busy watching the way oxygen split and recombined under the sun\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s insistence, how the light fractured into wavelengths his eyes weren\u8217\'92t supposed to parse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Mr. Welton?"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Louder this time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A nudge at his shoulder\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sharp, insistent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie blinked. The classroom snapped back into focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Twenty pairs of eyes stared at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The pencil in his hand was just a pencil again. The sky outside the window was just sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The teacher stood over his desk, lips pressed thin.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Please focus on the exam at hand, Mr. Welton,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~he said, voice dry as chalk dust.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "The test ends in five minutes. It is not the best time to dilly-dally about."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat tightened.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Um. Yes, sir."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He looked back at his paper. Question six was still half-finished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His fingers trembled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The clock ticked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And beneath the silence, the world kept whispering.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The bell rang, sharp and impatient. Chairs scraped against linoleum as students surged toward the front of the classroom, exam papers in hand. Eddie stayed seated, watching the scramble with detached amusement. There was no point in joining the fray\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d rather wait until the crowd thinned, until the last possible moment. It wasn\u8217\'92t patience. It was something worse: a habit of making himself small, of stepping aside even when there was no reason to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 One by one, the students handed their papers to Mr. Turing, who stood by his desk with the weary air of a man who had graded one too many exams. He offered a nod or a tired smile to each of them as they passed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Good effort, Patel."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Solid work, Li. Watch your sig figs next time."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A girl with a high ponytail paused as she handed in her test.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "What\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s the next unit, Mr. Turing?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Turing rubbed his temple.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Electrochemistry. Batteries, corrosion\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 the fun stuff."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~He said it like a man announcing a root canal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie finally stood when the last student ahead of him had gone. He approached, paper extended. Mr. Turing took it, glanced at the half-blank final page, then back up at Eddie with a raised eyebrow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "So,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~he said, leaning against the desk,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "what was so fascinating out that window? A bird? A UFO? Or were you just contemplating the meaning of life instead of finishing question six?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie adjusted the strap of his satchel.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Plane,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~he said.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Low-flying. Thought it was going to crash for a second."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Turing snorted.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Right. And I suppose next you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll tell me you were calculating its velocity mid-flight instead of your reaction yields."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Something like that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Mhm."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Mr. Turing didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look convinced, but he waved a hand.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Get out of here, Welton. Try not to get distracted by the\~air\~on your way home."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie turned, relief already loosening his shoulders\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Actually,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Mr. Turing said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His voice had changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie looked back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The teacher\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression was no longer amused. He folded his arms, hesitated, then spoke slowly, like he was choosing each word with care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Stay behind a minute. We need to talk."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie turned.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "What is it, Mr. Turing?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The teacher\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was unreadable\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 somewhere between surprise and confusion, his brows slightly furrowed, lips pressed into a thin line. He didn\u8217\'92t answer immediately. Instead, he gestured toward Eddie\u8217\'92s desk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Come here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie stepped forward, his pulse suddenly loud in his ears. Mr. Turing held out the exam paper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Care to explain this, Mr. Welton?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie took it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And froze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The answers he\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 remembered}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~writing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 neat chemical equations, balanced formulas\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 were gone. In their place were sprawling, circular diagrams, intricate and archaic, like something out of an alchemist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s manuscript. The handwriting wasn\u8217\'92t his. Or, at least, it didn\u8217\'92t\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 feel}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~like his\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the letters were sharp, angular, inked in a script that looked like Latin but twisted with symbols he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t recognize. Glyphs curled at the margins, spiraling into the corners of the page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His stomach lurched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 No. No, I wrote the answers. I know I did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He flipped the paper over, as if expecting to find his real work on the other side. But the entire exam was like this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 every question answered in this strange, esoteric language.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I... I answered them,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Eddie said, his voice thin.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I could\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve sworn I wrote something else."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Turing exhaled through his nose.\~"Yeah? So they just magically turned into this 18th-century script?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers tightened on the paper.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The classroom was too quiet. The clock\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ticking was suddenly oppressive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Right,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Mr. Turing sighed, rubbing his temple.\~*"I suppose I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand Latin nor 18th-century script. But you still remember your answers, don\u8217\'92t you?"*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Yeah, I do, sir."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was steady, but his fingers twitched at his sides.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Go on, then."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Mr. Turing tapped the paper.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "What\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s the answer for number one?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Question 1:}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Balance the following chemical equation: __H\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8322\'32 + O\u8322\'32 \u8594\'3F H\u8322\'32O}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hesitate.\~*"2H\u8322\'32 + O\u8322\'32 \u8594\'3F 2H\u8322\'32O."*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Turing\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pen scratched against the paper as he marked it correct.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Number two."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Question 2:}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Calculate the molar mass of sulfuric acid (H\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8322\'32SO\u8324\'34).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 *"98.08 g/mol."*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Another mark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They continued like this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 question after question, Eddie answering flawlessly, his voice calm even as his mind raced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Question 7:}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 What is the ideal gas law?}{\f0\fs24\b0 \line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "PV = nRT."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Question 12:}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Define Hess\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Law.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "The enthalpy change of a reaction is the same regardless of the pathway taken."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Question 18:}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 A 0.5M solution of NaCl has a volume of 2L. How many moles of NaCl are present?}{\f0\fs24\b0 \line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "1 mole."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 By the time they reached\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 Question 20}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Draw the Lewis structure for carbon dioxide}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even need to describe it. He traced the shape in the air with his finger:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Linear. Double bonds between C and each O."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Turing stared at the paper, then at Eddie.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "By God,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~he muttered.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "These are all correct."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~His eyes narrowed.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "How could you possibly have done this?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie opened his mouth. The truth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 would only dig him deeper. So he grasped for the least believable excuse possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I... I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve watched it on the internet."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A beat of silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Turing blinked.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You learned how to do modern chemistry... with ancient methods... from the\~internet?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Yes... sir."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Even Eddie winced at how thin it sounded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 unexpectedly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Mr. Turing burst into laughter. A deep, wheezing sound that filled the empty classroom.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You kids nowadays,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~he managed, shaking his head.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Always find a way to baffle me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie exhaled, shoulders loosening.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "So, um. Did I pass?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Turing wiped his eyes, still chuckling.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "As much as I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to, I\u8217\'92ll give you a C- on this one. You\u8217\'92re correct on everything, but\~please\~use a more up-to-date method next exam, yeah?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Yes, sir. Sorry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s alright."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Mr. Turing waved him off, still grinning.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You can go home now, Mr. Welton. Have a good evening."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie grabbed his bag and bolted before the teacher could change his mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The symbols on the paper lingered in his mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come from the internet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And he had no idea where they\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 had}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~come from.}}