{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The room was quieter than ever\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thick with something unspoken. The lavender and chamomile had gone lukewarm.}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton returned to her seat across from Eddie, folding her hands on the table as if bracing herself.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before I say anything else,\u8221\'94 she said carefully, \u8220\'93I need to ask you something first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie looked up.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you understand\u8230\'85 about your parents? About where you come from?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie frowned, not understanding the question. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You and Dad\u8230\'85 You\u8217\'92ve always been my parents.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton nodded slowly, then tilted her head just slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean your real parents, Eddie. Your biological ones.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The color in Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face shifted, the edges of his composure fraying. He pulled his mug a little closer, though he didn\u8217\'92t sip from it.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean, I know what you told me. That they\u8230\'85 died. In a plane crash. When I was at Aunt Catherine\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His voice was flat. Distant. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You and Dad took me in after that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression softened, touched with a kind of tired sorrow. \u8220\'93Yes. That\u8217\'92s the story we told you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie looked up.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We wanted to protect you. To let you grow up normal. To let you be a boy with school friends, family dinners, and birthday parties at Maxim\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She looked at him with deep, unwavering eyes.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But that story\u8230\'85 Eddie, it was a lie. All of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The words landed like a quiet blow.}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A story,\u8221\'94 she repeated, voice gentle but firm, \u8220\'93that I told you so you could integrate into this world\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this version of the world\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 without fear, or questions. So you could live here without looking over your shoulder. Without remembering who you truly were.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth parted slightly. \u8220\'93Why would you lie about something like that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton exhaled through her nose, not looking away.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because, Eddie\u8230\'85 where you truly come from is not }{\f0\fs24\i1 here}{.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The silence stretched, the old clock ticking steadily behind them.}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look at Eddie at first. Her eyes were somewhere else\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 far away, deep in memory.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I studied Illusions,\u8221\'94 she finally said, softly. \u8220\'93At Edenfield.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked. He wanted to say something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ask what she meant\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but something in her voice made him stay quiet.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t a subject like the others. Not performance or trickery, as people might think. Illusions at Edenfield was about perception. About truth, and how easily it bends under light.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She smiled faintly, lost in the past.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edenfield was\u8230\'85 it was more than a school. It was a sanctuary for knowledge that doesn\u8217\'92t belong in textbooks. Knowledge the rest of the world isn\u8217\'92t ready to see. You didn\u8217\'92t just learn spells. You learned }{\f0\fs24\i1 truths}{\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 about the world, about yourself.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie was still, hands wrapped tightly around his mug.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I studied under a woman named Catherine,\u8221\'94 Mrs. Welton continued. \u8220\'93She was my mentor. My teacher. My dearest friend. We were close\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 closer than family, in many ways.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She paused, her eyes flicking to Eddie, gauging his expression. Then she went on.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Back then, I would write letters to your father. To Robert. We were just sweethearts then. He waited patiently for me, and I promised him\u8230\'85 once I was done, I would return. We would marry. Start a life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A wistful, distant smile crossed her lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And then the day came. I graduated. I packed my things. I was ready to leave Edenfield forever. One last night before I sailed home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Then her smile faded.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That night\u8230\'85 everything changed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She looked down into her teacup, as though she could see it all reflected there.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There was smoke\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 fire rising from the Edenfield Palace. Screams in the Old District. Whispers everywhere. Something had happened. Something }{\f0\fs24\i1 terrible}{.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She shook her head slowly.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t ask questions. I was glad I was leaving. I didn\u8217\'92t want to get involved.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Then she fell quiet for a moment.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Catherine\u8230\'85 she found me. Just before I was to leave. She looked different. Shaken. She was holding something in her arms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton looked at Eddie now.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She was holding a baby.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She was crying. Desperate. She begged me to take him with me. Said he wasn\u8217\'92t safe. That they were }{\f0\fs24\i1 killing them.}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice dropped to a whisper.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said no. Over and over again. I told her I couldn\u8217\'92t. I was leaving. I had my life ahead of me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Her eyes glistened.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But then\u8230\'85 he cried.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She reached out then, gently placing her hand over Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And that sound\u8230\'85 something in it struck me. Like the world had split open. I couldn\u8217\'92t leave him. I }{\f0\fs24\i1 couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t.}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest felt tight.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His name was Edward, she said. She didn\u8217\'92t tell me who his parents were. Only that they were gone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 taken in the fire. That he was one of the }{\f0\fs24\i1 Alchemists.}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton leaned back slightly.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine made me promise. That I\u8217\'92d raise him as my own. That he would never know Edenfield\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not until the time came. He wasn\u8217\'92t born of this world, she said, but one day\u8230\'85 }{\f0\fs24\i1 fate}{ would call him back to it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She took a deep, trembling breath.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And so I left. I brought you here. You were barely days old. And I gave you a new life. A safe one. With school trips and seaside holidays and birthday cakes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She smiled sadly.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I never told Robert the whole truth. I never told you. Until now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie sat frozen, pale, silent.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You weren\u8217\'92t born in England,\u8221\'94 Mrs. Welton said. \u8220\'93You weren\u8217\'92t even born in this }{\f0\fs24\i1 world,}{ not quite. You came from a city hidden from time, from maps, from memory. From }{\f0\fs24\i1 Edenfield.}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She reached for his hand again.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And now\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s calling you back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even realized he was holding her hand until he felt her fingers twitch under his own. Her hands were trembling\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but so were his. Somehow, their grasp had steadied both.}
\par\plain {He looked down, his voice unsteady. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what about\u8230\'85 me? The things I see when I was younger\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 he hesitated, searching for the right words. \u8220\'93When I forget my meds, the world just\u8230\'85 unravels. I see things move. I see the }{\f0\fs24\i1 molecules}{ of things, how they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re stitched together\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how they break. Things people shouldn\u8217\'92t be able to see.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes softened, but there was something wary in them too. As if she had waited years for this question.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not schizophrenia,\u8221\'94 she said gently. \u8220\'93At least\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not in the way the world understands it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie looked up, eyes wide.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine\u8230\'85 Catherine saw like that too,\u8221\'94 she continued. \u8220\'93She called it the }{\f0\fs24\i1 Alchemist\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Vision.}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie's brows furrowed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t even make sense. Alchemy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 alchemy is just\u8230\'85 old chemistry, isn\u8217\'92t it? Mixing herbs and minerals and... basically what }{\f0\fs24\i1 you}{ do with potions and medicine.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton let out a dry, amused huff.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Eddie,\u8221\'94 she said, shaking her head, her smile returning slightly. \u8220\'93You think I just bottle herbs and make peppermint tinctures? No. }{\f0\fs24\i1 No.}{ What I do is child\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s play compared to real Alchemy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alchemy isn\u8217\'92t about herbs,\u8221\'94 she went on. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s about }{\f0\fs24\i1 transformation.}{ About the belief that nothing stays the same. Not stone. Not fire. Not even the soul.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He sat still, listening as though the air had gone quiet just for her words.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t understand it completely,\u8221\'94 she admitted. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not my field. Illusion was my world. But Catherine? Catherine lived it. She could make a single object change form down to its essence. And not just materials\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 people}{, Eddie. Fate, memory\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 things you can\u8217\'92t just touch.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She paused, voice tightening.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I made a promise to her. That if you ever started showing signs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if you followed the path she predicted\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I would find her again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie looked at her, stunned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I did, didn\u8217\'92t I.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton nodded solemnly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A long silence followed.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does she still teach?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked, his voice small, uncertain.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 Mrs. Welton said honestly. \u8220\'93But if anyone can help you understand what you are\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s Catherine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Then, as if brushing off a layer of dust from her mood, Mrs. Welton gave him a mischievous smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And besides,\u8221\'94 she said, tapping his hand, \u8220\'93if you don\u8217\'92t get help before that Edenfield test in London, you\u8217\'92ll end up right where I }{\f0\fs24\i1 warned}{ you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be making bloody rudders in Simon\u8217\'92s Workshop for the rest of your life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie let out a shaky laugh, wiping his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, and he\u8217\'92ll make me clean the gears with vinegar and a toothbrush again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 Mrs. Welton said, standing, her voice lifting back into something lighter. \u8220\'93So. Let\u8217\'92s not let that happen.\u8221\'94}}