{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air that hit her as she stumbled from the lab\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hidden exit was thick with the smells of scorched earth and damp limestone. Before her, a landscape of ruin stretched out under a bruised, violet sky. The ground littered with shattered military ruins and crumbling gateways, all centered around a sight that made her yes widen in horror: the colossal, stone head of an eagle, toppled from its throne and half-buried in the earth, its serene expression now facing the heavens in silent judgment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was in a valley of giants, a graveyard of forgotten deities. Fear, a cold and familiar companion from the moment she awoke, tightened its grip. She didn't know this place, this world, or even herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A harsh, metallic voice sliced through her paralysis. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Anomaly detected. Cease all movement. Comply."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aruna spun, every synthetic muscle in her body locking. Two sleek, black robots stood not far from her, their weapon raised and leveled at her. Their red optic sensors were static points of light, devoid of anything but analysis. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They began to advance with an unnatural, synchronized glide over the broken terrain, their forms cutting a stark profile against the rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Wait!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 " she shouted, "Please, you're making a mistake. I... I'm lost." She gestured vaguely at the opening towards the lab, then down at her own chrome and porcelain hands. "I just woke up here. I don't know this place.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was no shift in their posture, no flicker of understanding in their optics. They stopped, holding their position, weapons humming. The lead unit\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s speaker crackled. "Negative. Hostile rhetoric detected. This is your final warning."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {This was it. The end. The thought was cold and absolute. }
\par\plain {But another thought emerged, more frantic one fought its way through the panic. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Escape. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 There has to be a way to escape.}{ Her eyes darted left and right, finding only rubble and ruin. There was nowhere to run.}
\par\plain {Her gaze fell again on her own porcelain hands. A mechanical body. A bizarre, desperate thought, dredged up from some forgotten movie, surfaced in her mind: }{\f0\fs24\i1 the robot people always have something up their sleeve. A cannon in the arm, a blade in the wrist... something.}
\par\plain {It was a stupid, childish hope, but it was all she had. She focused on that feeling, a desperate wish sent into the unknown circuitry of her own form. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Help me. Give me something. Anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Click. Hiss\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {The sound was soft, coming from her right thigh. Her head snapped down. A seamless panel of white porcelain she hadn't known existed had slid open. From the dark recess within her own leg, the checkered black grip of a weapon protruded. It looked like the handle of a pistol.}
\par\plain {A surge of pure, feral adrenaline erased the hopelessness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Bingo,}{ she thought.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But then, before she could celebrate her brilliance a third trooper stepped into view from behind a crumbled gateway. Its chassis was heavier, its shoulder plates marked with stark, white chevrons. It regarded the scene with a slow, sweeping scan of its optic sensor. The two troopers swiveled their heads toward it in perfect, instantaneous unison.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Status report}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ," the commander demanded, its voice a lower, more resonant monotone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Designation unrecognized}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ," the lead trooper replied. "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Non-compliant. Awaiting directive}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The commander\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s red eye settled on Aruna. It was a glance that lasted no more than a second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Eliminate it}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey now,\u8221\'94 She feigned her fear, her tone teasing, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure this is a misunderstanding, right? If you could just... point me somewhere else, I'll be on my way!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A curt, binary screech echoed from the commander, and the two troopers snapped their rifles into firing position. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Crimson glow radiated from their barrels.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 But then.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Her right hand moved with a will of its own, her fingers wrapping around the cool, textured grip with a terrifying familiarity. She yanked the weapon free just as the troopers' rifles hit their peak charge. The pistol was heavy, solid, and felt like it belonged in her hand.}
\par\plain {The moment the pistol is level, a glowing blue reticle bloomed in her synthetic vision, highlighting the lead trooper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head in a perfect circle. She squeezed the trigger.}
\par\plain {A thunderous }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 CRACK}{ echoed through the valley as a bolt of blue energy erupted from the barrel. It moved faster than the troopers' crimson shots, striking the first android square in its head. }
\par\plain {The trooper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head detonated in a violent spray of shrapnel and debris. The headless body stood for a second before crumpling into a heap of dead metal.}
\par\plain {One down.}
\par\plain {The remaining five troopers reacted. Their movements a synchronized snap of deadly intent, five red optics locking onto her position. }
\par\plain {Storm of crimson bolts erupted, as a focused wave of death designed to annihilate a single spot.}
\par\plain {But she wasn't there.}
\par\plain {Her body, this strange new shell, didn't dive for cover; it leaped. Her legs coiled and sprung, launching her sideways in a gravity-defying step. The bolts seared to where she had stood, turning the ground to molten glass. She landed silently, and as she did, a second panel on her left thigh clicked open, presenting a mirror image of the first pistol. }
\par\plain {A wild, breathless laugh escaped her lips. This wasn't terrifying anymore; it was }{\f0\fs24\i1 exhilarating}{.}
\par\plain {Snatching the second pistol, she came up from her crouch with a predator's grin. }
\par\plain {Two troopers advanced on her left. She slid across the dusty ground on her heels, firing both pistols upwards. }{\f0\fs24\i1 CRACK! CRACK!}{ Two more heads detonated, their bodies collapsing in perfect, lifeless sync.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Too slow!"}{ she yelled, her voice giddy.}
\par\plain {Three left, plus the commander. }
\par\plain {But they adapted, spreading out to create a kill box. It was a sound tactical move. It was also pointless. She was a blur of motion, a fluid dance of white and gold between the crumbling ruins. }
\par\plain {For her, gravity was now just a suggestion, their carefully aimed shots just a vibrant light show painting her path. }
\par\plain {She vaulted over a wall, spun in mid-air, and fired a single shot from her right pistol, taking out the third trooper with a bolt through its chest cavity.}
\par\plain {She landed, and the fourth trooper lunged, trying to grab her. She ducked under its outstretched arm, pressing the muzzle of her left pistol against its back and firing. The bolt blasted clean through its power core, and it pitched forward onto its face.}
\par\plain {Only one trooper left. It stood its ground, unleashing a torrent of suppressive fire. She didn't even try to dodge. She ran straight at it, her nimble body weaving between the crimson bolts as if navigating an obstacle course built just for her. }
\par\plain {With every near-miss, her laughter grew louder. She leaped into a final, acrobatic somersault over its head, firing both pistols downwards as she passed over it. }
\par\plain {The trooper fell, riddled with holes.}
\par\plain {Silence. Five smoking heaps of metal littered the ground around her. Only the commander remained.}
\par\plain {It stood watching her, its rifle still raised. She walked towards it, slow and deliberate, the smoke curling from the barrels of her twin pistols. }
\par\plain {She felt powerful. Invincible. She was the hero of her own movie.}
\par\plain {The commander finally fired. With a flick of her wrist, she fired back. }
\par\plain {Her blue bolt struck the commander's rifle, blasting it from its metal hands. The weapon clattered uselessly to the ground. Disarmed.}
\par\plain {She stopped a few feet in front of it, her face set in a victorious smirk. She raised both pistols, pointing them directly at the commander's head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Who's the anomaly now?"}{ she asked, her voice dripping with smug satisfaction.}
\par\plain {She squeezed the right trigger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Click.}
\par\plain {A hollow, metallic sound. Her grin faltered. She squeezed the left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Click.}
\par\plain {"Oh no," she whispered, her eyes wide with the horrifying realization of her own hubris.}
\par\plain {In a blur of black metal, its arm swung out. A force as strong as a battering ram, and it connected with a sound like a car crash. The world spun as she was launched through the air, landing in a heap of limbs and broken scraps.}
\par\plain {A choke escaped her lips as she hit the ground. The world swam in a nauseating blur. Had the blow had landed on her porcelain body she might have just felt a dull, percussive thud. But the commander had struck her face, her still-human, flesh-and-bone face. }{\f0\fs24\i1 And she felt everything.}
\par\plain {Through the haze of pain, she saw the commander. It stood over the rifle she had shot from its hand, leaving the weapon on the ground as if it were now beneath its notice. }
\par\plain {With a calm, deliberate motion, it reached down to its own thigh. A panel slid open.}
\par\plain {Aruna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blood ran cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Irony\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 sweet bitter irony.}
\par\plain {From the recess, the commander dug out a small, cylindrical object. It held the hilt, and with a flick of its wrist, a blade of pure, crimson energy ignited with a hungry hum. It was a knife, and it burned with the same malevolent red as the troopers' energy bolts.}
\par\plain {The commander began to walk towards her, its heavy footsteps crunching on the rubble below. The walk of an executioner with all the time in the world. Her earlier bravado was a distant, foolish memory, replaced by a primal fear that was all too real.}
\par\plain {"H-hey," she stammered, spitting a mouthful of blood onto the dusty ground. "I think\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I think this is just a really big misunderstanding\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {The commander paid no attention to her words, its glowing red blade casting flickering. It stood over her, raising the energy knife high, the tip aimed directly at her chest. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "No, no, no! Wait!}{" she screamed, scrambling backward uselessly, her hands held up.}
\par\plain {The commander\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm tensed, ready for the final, downward thrust.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 But then it stopped.}
\par\plain {Frozen mid-strike, its arm quivering, the commander stood motionless for a single, silent second. }
\par\plain {The two bulging optic sensors on its head, which had glowed with such cold intent, flickered once and then dimmed into darkness. With the silent finality of a machine that had been abruptly unplugged, it pitched forward.}
\par\plain {The energy blade deactivated an instant before it could hit her, and the metal hilt clattered onto the ground, landing with a heavy thud right next to her head.}
\par\plain {She lay there, panting, staring at the dead machine that had nearly ended her. Then she heard it. A piercing, metallic screech echoing from the sky above, a sound that was both predatory and strangely familiar.}
\par\plain {She looked up. A silhouette, like a great bird of prey, blotted out the bruised violet of the sky. With a silent beat of its porcelain wings, it descended, landing gracefully on the arm of a colossal, toppled stone statue, its new perch overlooking the scene of carnage. Only then did it turn its head to look down at her.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "My analysis suggested a 85.7% probability that an amateur engagement with multiple hostile targets would be ineffective,"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it stated, its voice a calm, synthesized tenor that was the most calming sound she had ever heard since her awakening. "I apologize for the delay in my intervention. I was calculating the optimal moment for an entrance."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What... Who are you?" she stammered, trying to sit back up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93D-did you just speak?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I am designation EG-5077, also known as }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Eagle}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ," it replied, turning back to face the commander, who were now a smoldering, sparking mess. "That is of secondary importance. My primary objective is your continued function and health, in which you have recklessly wasted away by engaging with multiple hostile threat."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "M-}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 My function?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Is that what I am now?!" Aruna gasped, offended both by being called a function, and worse of all, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 being called reckless}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . "Do you think I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m a machine to be kept running like some bloody computer? Didn\u8217\'92t you see those things were going to kill me?!" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "A predictable outcome," Eagle stated flatly. "Those machines are Trooper Units. Part of the Karma's network of robotic enforcers roaming around here, They perceive you as an anomaly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Anomaly? Wh-\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 Aruna stopped, \u8220\'93W-Why? Why me? I don't even know who I am! How\u8217\'92d I get here? And how\u8217\'92d I become an \u8220\'93Anomaly\u8221\'94! And who\u8217\'92s Karma?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the first time, the machine hesitated. It tilted its head, its optic lenses dilating slightly. "It seemed that your data banks is heavily fragmented.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eagle then fluttered down, now perching on top of the remains of one of the Troopers, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If answer regarding your identity is what you want. Then your name is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Aruna}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . That is what I was told to refer to you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Told?\u8221\'94 Aruna asked, \u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 By who-}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before she could grasp the anchor of that single word, a burst of harsh, coded chatter erupted from the fallen trooper's comms unit. Eagle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head snapped towards the sound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Trooper Units are requesting heavy reinforcements," it announced, its calm tone turned into urgency. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m afraid I cannot provide you with more informations for we have to leave. Immediately."}}