{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The room was quiet except for the faint rustle of Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s movements as he finished packing his satchel. The usual clutter on his desk\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a few alchemy notes, some unfinished sketches, and a stray bottle of ink\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lay untouched. His mind was too preoccupied to care about tidying up.}
\par\plain {He slipped his wand into the inner pocket of his jacket, the familiar weight grounding him. Stepping toward the mirror, Eddie paused, studying his reflection. His bright silver hair was a mess as usual, and his jade-green eyes, which often sparkled with curiosity, now looked clouded with uncertainty.}
\par\plain {Ever since he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made the bold declaration to go after Madeleine, he\u8217\'92d carried himself with an air of determination, like he had it all figured out. But standing here, alone in the stillness of his room, he could feel the truth pressing down on him.}
\par\plain {He was afraid.}
\par\plain {Afraid of what lay in the Underground City, of the people they would face, and of what might happen to his friends. The responsibility felt heavy, far heavier than anything he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d dealt with before.}
\par\plain {Eddie gripped the edge of the desk, lowering his head as he took a deep, shaky breath. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can do this,\u8221\'94 he whispered to himself. \u8220\'93You have to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A knock on the door startled him, and Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheerful voice cut through the silence. \u8220\'93Oi, Eddie! You ready yet? Everyone\u8217\'92s waiting!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie straightened up, adjusting the strap of his satchel over his shoulder. He glanced at his reflection one last time, his fear still lingering in his eyes but now tempered with resolve.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice steadying as he headed for the door.}
\par\plain {Opening it, he found Will grinning as usual, his electric guitar strapped across his back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Finally,\u8221\'94 Will teased, stepping aside to let Eddie through. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get going before Jake and Jane start interrogating Catherine again. You know how they get.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers fumbled with the key as he tried to lock the door, his hand shaking slightly. He cursed under his breath, the metal cool in his grasp, but he kept missing the keyhole. The anxiety had crept up on him again, an unsettling knot in his stomach, his thoughts racing.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dammit,\u8221\'94 he muttered to himself, dropping the key on the floor with a soft }{\f0\fs24\i1 clink}{. He knelt down to grab it, his palms slick with sweat. The moment felt infinitely longer than it should have.}
\par\plain {Will, who had been standing at the top of the stairs waiting for him, watched Eddie struggle with a raised brow. He leaned against the bannister, hands tucked into the pockets of his jacket. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You alright there, mate?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie finally got the key into the lock and twisted it with more force than necessary, then stood back, brushing his hand across his face to mask his frustration. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92m fine,\u8221\'94 he muttered, trying to sound like his usual self. \u8220\'93Just a bit distracted, that\u8217\'92s all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t buy it. He eyed Eddie as they continued walking downstairs. \u8220\'93You sure? \u8216\'91Cause your hand\u8217\'92s shaking pretty badly, man. You afraid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie hesitated, then let out a breath. He knew he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t keep up the facade forever. Slowly, he nodded. \u8220\'93Yeah, I am.\u8221\'94 He laughed softly, but there was no humor in it. \u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Eddie chuckled, \u8220\'93You gonna call me a pussy or something?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face didn\u8217\'92t change. He wasn\u8217\'92t joking. \u8220\'93If you were scared yesterday and you\u8217\'92re still scared now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 your hand shaking and all that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s not being a pussy, Eddie,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice steady. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s bravery.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie stopped mid-step, staring at Will for a moment, caught off guard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bravery?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will nodded, his expression softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Because despite how scared you are, you\u8217\'92re still gonna do it. You\u8217\'92re still gonna face whatever\u8217\'92s out there. You\u8217\'92re not running away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {For a moment, Eddie said nothing. He looked down at his hands, which were still a bit unsteady, but he felt something shift inside him. Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words settled over him like a warm blanket, pushing back the doubts gnawing at him.}
\par\plain {He gave Will a crooked grin, the kind that hid the nerves but still carried his usual bravado. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guess you\u8217\'92re right. Doesn\u8217\'92t feel like bravery, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will smirked, clapping him on the shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It never does until it\u8217\'92s over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {As Eddie and Will walked toward the stairs, Ashley caught up with them, her footsteps quick and light. She raised an eyebrow at the two of them, a smirk forming on her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s taking you so long, Ed? You planning to leave us behind or what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will, eager to deflect any suspicion, shot a glance at Eddie, his grin mischievous. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah, Eddie's just preparing himself,\u8221\'94 he said with exaggerated drama. \u8220\'93You know, getting ready to be the handsome prince who rescues }{\f0\fs24\i1 Princess Madeleine}{ from the top of a tower. All heroic and noble.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 He swept his hand dramatically across the air as if envisioning the scene, complete with a deep bow.}
\par\plain {Before Eddie could respond, he reached out and playfully punched Will in the shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up, idiot,\u8221\'94 he said with a laugh, shaking his head. \u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t even make it sound heroic.\u8221\'94 But there was a warmth in his voice, and a quiet chuckle that escaped him despite his best efforts to keep his cool.}
\par\plain {Ashley, catching onto the teasing, smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The handsome prince, huh?\u8221\'94 she asked, raising an eyebrow at Eddie, clearly enjoying the moment. \u8220\'93So, I guess that means you\u8217\'92ve been thinking about Madeleine a little too much?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie, cheeks flushing slightly, shot her a glance before turning away with a mock glare. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not helping either, you know that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will's grin widened, clearly enjoying Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s discomfort. \u8220\'93Hey, if the prince\u8217\'92s gotta rescue someone, might as well be someone worth rescuing, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie rolled his eyes but couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help the small, appreciative smile that tugged at his lips. \u8220\'93Alright, alright. I get it,\u8221\'94 he said, trying to sound exasperated but failing to keep the laughter out of his voice. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s go before you guys start writing some sort of cheap melodrama or something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain {As Eddie, Will, and Ashley stepped out of the dorm and into the fresh morning air, they were greeted by the sight of Henry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s car parked right in front. The vehicle was unmistakable \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a custom-made vintage car, modified with modern engines, gleaming under the sunlight. It looked like something straight out of a history book, with its sleek curves and polished chrome, but the engine and mechanical parts hummed with a quiet, powerful energy. Henry was standing beside the car, his hands on the hood as he made some final checks. Catherine stood nearby, watching with an expression of curiosity and recognition on her face.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Catherine began, her voice tinged with awe. \u8220\'93A modified Dwarven Automaton engine?\u8221\'94 Her words weren\u8217\'92t just an observation; they were a recognition, as if she could trace the history of the car back to an era long before Eddie's time.}
\par\plain {Henry grinned, clearly proud. "You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got a good eye. I\u8217\'92ve been working on this for years. It\u8217\'92s a vintage model, but I\u8217\'92ve outfitted it with a modern engine and all sorts of upgrades. It runs like a charm now, better than any car from this time, if you ask me."}
\par\plain {Catherine, clearly impressed, gave a soft laugh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t seen something like this since the early Automatons Revolution\u8230\'85 back when humans first unearthed Dwarven technologies. You\u8217\'92ve done good work here, Henry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry's chest puffed up a little with pride, especially at the praise from an elf. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks. I\u8217\'92ve always wanted to have something like this. Figured it\u8217\'92d be my masterpiece.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine gave a small nod of approval, her smile softening. "Not often I get to appreciate a creation like this. I spent most of my time traveling as an alchemist, and cars weren't exactly part of my lifestyle back then."}
\par\plain {As Eddie, Will, and Ashley approached, they exchanged glances, momentarily distracted by the conversation between Henry and Catherine. "Is this what you guys have been talking about?" Will asked, his tone teasing as he approached the car.}
\par\plain {Eddie tilted his head as he admired the vehicle, impressed despite himself. "You really went all out with this, huh?" he remarked.}
\par\plain {"It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not just for show," Henry said, his voice tinged with that familiar pride. "This baby\u8217\'92s got power. She\u8217\'92s built for speed, safety, and everything in between."}
\par\plain {Catherine, who had been standing a little away from the group, took a few steps closer, her eyes lighting up in the way they often did when she was about to reminisce. "I must admit," she said, with a gleam of excitement in her voice, "When I was living as a travelling alchemist, I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get to see many... cars. We traveled by horse or on foot. This will be a new experience for me."}
\par\plain {They all piled into the car. Eddie took a seat in the back with Will and Ashley, the trio settling in together, trying to adjust to the comfort of Henry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s custom-made vehicle. Henry slid into the driver's seat with an easy confidence, while Catherine took the passenger side, her eyes sparkling with excitement.}
\par\plain {Catherine was practically bouncing in her seat, her giddy excitement evident as she turned to Eddie, Will, and Ashley. "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been a long time since I\u8217\'92ve been on anything like this. It\u8217\'92s a bit different from the horse-drawn carts, that\u8217\'92s for sure." She looked out the window with a dreamy expression.}
\par\plain {Ashley chuckled, her nervousness easing a little. "We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re glad to have you with us for this ride then," she said, settling in more comfortably.}
\par\plain {Henry gave a final check of his rearview mirror before shifting the car into gear. "Hold on tight, everyone," he said with a mischievous smile. "This is going to be one hell of a ride."}
\par\plain {And with that, they set off, the road ahead uncertain but with each of them ready for whatever came next. As the car sped away from Edenfield University, the soft hum of the engine filled the air, and the adventure ahead began in earnest. }}