{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just saying it\u8217\'92s a bad idea, Ash,\u8221\'94 Will pleaded, his hands shoved deep into his pockets as if to keep them from flailing in frustration. He stood a step below her, his brow furrowed with genuine worry. \u8220\'93Going to a rally for a group called \u8216\'91The Rightful King Movement\u8217\'92? It sounds\u8230\'85 aggressively unstable. And for what? You don\u8217\'92t have any proof of wrongdoing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley, perched casually on the railing as if it were a park bench, gave him a dazzling smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Proof? Willy, come on, I don\u8217\'92t need prof. The group literally got a bad vibe!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She swung her legs, kicking her heels against the metal baluster with a rhythmic }{\f0\fs24\i1 tink, tink, tink}{.}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders sagged. \u8220\'93Your vibe, Mayfair. Is not an actionable intelligence! This isn\u8217\'92t some game. These are political extremists. They don't like outsiders, especially not some pokey students sticking their noses where they don't belong. You could get hurt. Or arrested. Or both!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie, who had been observing the exchange like a slow-motion magic duel, finally spoke up, pushing himself off the wall. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will\u8217\'92s not wrong, Ash. A little planning wouldn\u8217\'92t kill us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley winked at him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s to plan? We go, we watch, we listen. C\u8217\'92mon, Eddie, back me up here.\u8221\'94 She nudged him with her foot.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I already said I\u8217\'92m going with you,\u8221\'94 Eddie sighed, a long-suffering sound he\u8217\'92d perfected over years of friendship with her. \u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t mean I think it\u8217\'92s a smart thing to do. It just means I know you\u8217\'92ll go anyway, and I\u8217\'92d rather be there to pull you out in case you screwed up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See, Will?\u8221\'94 Ashley beamed, spreading her arms wide. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll have my very own knight in shining issued armor! We\u8217\'92ll be perfectly safe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That wasn\u8217\'92t a compliment, Ash. I\u8217\'92m just trying to keep you alive at least until graduation,\u8221\'94 Eddie quipped.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, come on! But at least you\u8217\'92re supporting me on this!\u8221\'94 Ashley shot back.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ashley, please.\u8221\'94 }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Will took a step up, his voice dropping to a near whisper, desperate for her to understand.}{ \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just think about it for a second. Logically. What is the best-case scenario? You find nothing, and you\u8217\'92ve risked yourselves for no reason. What\u8217\'92s the worst-case? Your \u8216\'91}{\f0\fs24\i1 bad vibes}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 is real, and you walk right into the middle of it with no allies other than Eddie, and no escape plan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {For a moment, Ashley stopped kicking. She looked at Will, her expression softening just a fraction. But instead of conceding, she hopped off the railing and patted his cheek.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You worry too much. It gives you wrinkles,\u8221\'94 she said breezily. \u8220\'93Look, someone has to go poke the scary bear with a stick. Better it\u8217\'92s me, who can at least talk my way out of a cursed crypt, than some poor dude who can\u8217\'92t. It\u8217\'92ll be an adventure!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The word was quiet, but it landed in the small space with the weight of a dropped stone. Will wasn't pleading anymore. His expression was set, his arms crossed. It was a look of absolute finality. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not doing it. It\u8217\'92s too reckless.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley threw her head back and groaned, a loud, theatrical sound of pure frustration. She spotted a crumpled hoodie lying near the base of the stairs and gave it a satisfying kick, sending it skittering into the dark corner. }
\par\plain {"Unbelievable! Eddie," she stage-whispered, hooking a thumb towards the nearest grime-streaked window. "How about you give me a boost? What he doesn't know won't hurt him."}
\par\plain {Eddie winced, shaking his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know I can\u8217\'92t, Ashley. Rules are rules. The three of us have to agree before we do something this risky and stupid. It\u8217\'92s the only reason we haven\u8217\'92t been expelled, arrested, or maybe killed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ugh!\u8221\'94 Ashley groaned again, turning on Will, her frustration now bubbling over into amusing annoyance. \u8220\'93What is with you lately? Seriously, Will. First, you vetoed my plan to investigate the Whispering Caverns\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 which, by the way, totally had some cool views and singing sirens, and now this! It\u8217\'92s like you\u8217\'92ve become the official president of the \u8216\'91Let\u8217\'92s Keep Ashley Wrapped in Cotton Wool\u8217\'92 club.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Ashley.\u8221\'94 Will sighed, \u8220\'93That wasn\u8217\'92t my intention-\u8220\'93 }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it?\u8221\'94 Ashley pouted, \u8220\'93Are you this worried about Eddie when he wants to go test some new transmutation formula that can explode? No. Do you fret this much when you stay up all night trying to animate a golem that could potentially pommel you with their fist? Of course not. }{\f0\fs24\i1 It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s just me}{! Honestly, the way you carry on, you sound like\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she paused, a mischievous glint in her eye as she found the perfect, most ridiculous jab, }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You sound like you have a crush on me or something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She said it off-handedly, with a laugh in her voice, another silly tease in a long history of them. It was meant to be absurd, to poke fun at his overprotective nature.}
\par\plain {Silence.}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw was tight, his gaze fixed on the floor. The air crackled, suddenly charged with a new, unfamiliar tension.}
\par\plain {Then, uncharacteristically, his head snapped up, his eyes locking onto hers, raw and startlingly intense.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if I do?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The words, sharp and full of a desperate energy she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never heard from him before, echoed in the stairwell. Eddie froze mid-breath, his eyes wide. The playful smirk vanished from Ashley\u8217\'92s face, replaced by a look of pure, unadulterated shock. The world seemed to tilt on its axis, the teasing game vanishing in an instant, leaving only the stunning, impossible weight of his confession hanging in the air between them.}
\par\plain {She forced a shaky laugh, a pale imitation of her usual breezy confidence. "Pfft, yeah right," she deflected, giving him a light shove. "If you did, you wouldn't be this close, dummy! You'd be a blushing mess ten feet away!"}
\par\plain {It was the perfect bait, an easy return to their normal banter. But Will didn't take it. He didn't even flinch. He just stood there, his jaw tight, his gaze unwavering and painfully sincere. He remained silent, letting her joke fall flat and die in the tense air between them.}
\par\plain {And in that silence, her playful smile dissolved, her eyes widening as the truth crashed into her. He wasn't joking. He wasn't teasing her back. He was serious.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she breathed, the word barely a whisper. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re serious.\u8221\'94 Her gaze searched his face, seeing past the years of friendship to the hidden vulnerability he\u8217\'92d just laid bare. \u8220\'93Since when?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will finally broke eye contact, his gaze dropping to the floor as a faint flush crept up his neck. He looked deeply embarrassed, as if regretting the words the moment they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d left his mouth. He mumbled his answer, so brief and quiet she almost missed it.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Midnight Library Raid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The memory was instant: the three of them sneaking through moonlit corridors, the smell of old parchment, the shared thrill of breaking the rules for a simple paper citation. It felt like a lifetime ago. Before she could process it, another voice cut through the tension.}
\par\plain {Perched on a large, sturdy cupboard against the wall, Eddie cleared his throat awkwardly. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been watching the entire exchange, forgotten by the other two. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So\u8230\'85 are we still going?\u8221\'94 he asked, his voice sounding unnaturally loud in the charged atmosphere.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Um\u8230\'85 no.\u8221\'94 Ashley answered immediately, a blush blooming across her cheeks. She couldn\u8217\'92t look at Will, couldn\u8217\'92t look at Eddie. She suddenly felt incredibly exposed. \u8220\'93C-can you give us a moment, Ed? We\u8217\'92re not going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93O-okay then,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, sliding carefully off the cupboard. He gave them a wide berth as he walked towards the heavy door leading to the boy\u8217\'92s dormitory hall. He paused, looking back at them one last time.}
\par\plain {From the doorway, he could see their two figures silhouetted against the pale moonlight filtering through the stairwell window. They were just standing there, a foot of charged space between them, impossibly still. A part of him, the part that knew how long and how deeply Will had hidden this, felt a surge of happiness for his friend. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d finally said it.}
\par\plain {But a cold knot of worry tightened in his stomach. He knew them. He knew the delicate, chaotic balance of their friendship. What if Ashley didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel the same way? Would this shatter the easy camaraderie they all shared? Would they still be Will, Ashley, and Eddie? Or would this confession be the beginning of the end? With a final, worried glance, Eddie pulled the door shut, leaving the two of them alone in the moonlight.}}