{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The next day found them pressed against the weathered brick wall near the school courtyard, their uniforms rumpled from crouching too long. Honoka's fingers trembled around the chilled soda bottle, condensation dripping onto her carefully polished loafers. Haruki could practically hear the frantic calculations whirring behind her friend's furrowed brow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "It's okay, Honoka-chan," Haruki whispered, patting her shoulder with far more confidence than she felt. "Just give him the soda. It'll get you talking! He loves this stuff!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But Honoka had already spiraled into catastrophe scenarios. "What if he thinks I'm weird? What if I drop it? What if\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " Her voice hitched. "What if his friends start laughing and he laughs too and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "You're thinking way too much about this!" Haruki interrupted, peeking around the corner. The sunlight caught on Nagano's guitar case as he ambled across the courtyard, his usual entourage of motorcycle friends trailing behind him. "Look! It's him! It's your cue!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Before Honoka could protest further, Haruki gave her a firm push between the shoulder blades\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sending her stumbling into the open with all the grace of a startled deer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 From her hiding spot behind the rusty water fountain, Haruki watched as Honoka straightened her blazer, still buttoned despite the sweltering heat. and began the long march across the sunbaked courtyard. Every step seemed painfully deliberate, like she was walking toward her own execution rather than a baseball field shelter. The way her polished loafers hesitated before touching the dirt path reminded Haruki of someone testing icy water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Come on, you've got this!}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Haruki mouthed, giving an exaggerated thumbs-up when Honoka glanced back for the third time. Her friend's expression\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 somewhere between nausea and sheer terror\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 would've been hilarious if it wasn't so heartbreaking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As Honoka reached the shelter's shadow, her nose immediately wrinkling at the assault of odors: leather mitts left too long in lockers, the sharp tang of  sweat, and beneath it all, the earthy scent of freshly turned dirt from the field. Five boys lounged on the benches in various states of undress\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sleeves rolled haphazardly, ties hanging loose like nooses, towels draped around necks. One was using his blazer as a makeshift pillow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Um... Excuse me," Honoka's voice came out smaller than she intended. When no one noticed, she cleared her throat and tried again, fingers tightening around the soda bottle. "Is Nagano Fujiyama here?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The chatter died instantly. Five pairs of eyes swiveled to stare at the anomaly before them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a proper honors student in full uniform, standing stiff as a paper doll in their sweaty sanctuary. Someone whistled low under their breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 From the back of the shelter, a familiar head of messy brown hair popped up. Nagano blinked sweat from his eyes, his guitar pick still wedged between his lips. When he recognized Honoka, he nearly choked on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Aoki-san?" He scrambled upright, hastily buttoning his wrinkled dress shirt. "What are you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I mean\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " His eyes darted to the soda in her hands, then to his snickering friends, then back to her face which was now the color of cherry blossoms in full bloom. "Did you... want something?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka's mouth opened, but the carefully rehearsed speech about music collaborations evaporated under the collective gaze of Nagano's motorcycle gang. The soda bottle made an ominous cracking sound under her grip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka stiffened like a marionette with its strings pulled taut. The shelter's wooden beams creaked in the summer heat as she stood there\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a perfectly pressed island of propriety amidst the sea of disheveled masculinity. Where the boys' shirts clung to their backs with sweat, her blazer remained impeccably buttoned. Where their socks pooled around their ankles, her knee-highs stayed precisely aligned. Even her nervous swallow looked more refined than their boisterous laughter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I want to talk to you about something," Honoka stammered, her fingers leaving damp prints on the soda bottle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano leaned against the shelter post, his grin easy. "Oh, did Mrs. Kobayashi need something from me again?" He winked at his friends, who erupted in knowing chuckles. Everyone remembered when Honoka had recruited him to move heavy anthologies last month\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the only time they'd ever spoken alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The silence stretched like taffy. Honoka's lips moved soundlessly as Nagano's smile gradually faltered. A bead of sweat trickled down her temple, catching sunlight as it fell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "N-no," she finally managed, her voice barely above a whisper yet somehow carrying across the suddenly quiet field. "I want to talk to you personally."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The shelter exploded in raucous cheers. Baseball mitts hit the dirt as players abandoned their game. Someone wolf-whistled so sharply it startled sparrows from the nearby trees. Within seconds, what had been a private conversation became spectator sport, with students materializing from every direction like moths to flame.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 From behind the water fountain, Haruki slapped both hands over her face. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Why didn't you just lie?}{\f0\fs24\b0  she groaned into her palms. But even as she said it, she knew\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was Honoka Aoki. The girl who returned lost yen coins to teachers. Who apologized to library books when turning pages too quickly. Of course she couldn't lie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 All eyes locked onto the mismatched pair: the prim literature club princess and the motorcycle gang's golden boy. Honoka looked ready to dissolve into the dirt, while Nagano's usual confidence flickered under the unexpected spotlight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 with a clap that silenced the crowd\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Nagano tossed his bat aside. "Alright," he announced, rolling his shoulders back. "Come on, guys." He shooed his friends with both hands. "Give us some space!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The collective groan of disappointment could've been heard across the prefecture.}}