{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The frantic pace lasted for two blocks, his footsteps echoing in the narrow alleyways between the old faculty halls. Only when he was sure he was out of immediate sight did his sprint slow to a brisk, panting walk. The high-stakes tension of the council room began to dissipate, replaced by the quiet hum of the Edenfield night. The only sounds were the cold wind whistling through the eaves of the buildings and the rhythmic chirp of crickets and cicadas hidden in the manicured campus shrubbery.}
\par\plain {He ducked behind the thick trunk of an oak tree near the edge of the quad, his heart still hammering against his ribs. He pulled out his smartphone, the screen lighting up his face in the gloom. The first thing he checked was his call log. One missed call. From Madeleine. His stomach tightened again.}
\par\plain {He swiped over to his photo gallery. The pictures were hasty, some blurry, but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d gotten what he needed. He scrolled past photos of mundane university correspondence, budget sheets, and then, he found it. A clear shot of a personnel transfer document. His finger zoomed in on a specific line.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Previous Occupation: Military Alchemist.}{ }{\f0\fs24\i1 Last Held Post: Instructor, Crownstead Military Academy.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Eddie whispered to himself, a grim satisfaction cutting through his anxiety. He wasn't just guessing anymore. He had proof.}
\par\plain {It was then that his phone buzzed violently in his hand, the screen lighting up with her name again. He accepted it instantly.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Madeleine, I think I found a lead to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {There was a sharp breath of relief on the other end. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie? Eddie? Hello? It\u8217\'92s me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine?\u8221\'94 His back straightened against the tree bark. \u8220\'93Are you\u8230\'85 okay? You sound\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen,\u8221\'94 she cut in, voice taut and quick, like a pulled string. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have time to explain. I need you tonight to discuss something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked, confused by her tone. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, what\u8217\'92s happened? What\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Her voice cut out for a second, dissolving into a faint crackle. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Professor Hudson. I think he knows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Bzzzt.}
\par\plain {A loud burst of static screamed through the speaker. Eddie yanked the phone away from his ear, flinching.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine?\u8221\'94 he called into the noise, his thumb hovering over the redial button. \u8220\'93Hello? Madeleine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Silence. Then a low mechanical whir. Then nothing. He glanced back in the direction of the faculty building and his blood ran cold. Two familiar, bulky silhouettes had emerged onto the lawn, moving under the lamplight, already searching. The Student Council members were free.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he muttered, pressing the phone harder to his ear.}
\par\plain {Suddenly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  }{\f0\fs24\i1 Click.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello?\u8221\'94 he tried again, his breath held.}
\par\plain {A gasp on the other end. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93E-Eddie!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He gripped the phone tighter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine, what\u8217\'92s happening?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think someone\u8217\'92s following me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His stomach dropped. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {There was a pause. A rustle of fabric. Then, distantly through the speaker, he heard the creak of a booth door opening. Her voice dropped to a terrified whisper.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m at my apartment. Just past the old fence. Near the east ward sign. There\u8217\'92s someone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92s not moving, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The line cracked again, loud and sharp.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got my wand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92s coming closer\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eddie, I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Pop.}
\par\plain {The line went dead.}
\par\plain {Eddie stood there, frozen, the soft dial tone humming against his ear like a dirge. The phone felt like a block of ice in his hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Someone\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s following me... he\u8217\'92s coming closer...}
\par\plain {He looked up from his phone, his eyes darting into the darkness of the campus. The two bulky silhouettes of the Student Council members were still there, fanning out across the lawn, but they felt distant now, like a problem from another lifetime. Expulsion. Dorm confinement. None of it mattered. The methodical, institutional threat of Victoria Aynesworth was nothing compared to the raw, immediate terror in Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice.}
\par\plain {His mind raced, replaying her words. }{\f0\fs24\i1 My apartment... past the old fence... near the east ward sign.}{ The east ward. That was back the way he came. Back towards them.}
\par\plain {He didn't hesitate.}
\par\plain {Panic, worry, and a white-hot surge of determination erased every instinct for self-preservation. He shoved his phone into his pocket and broke from the cover of the trees, sprinting back onto the main path. He wasn't running from danger anymore. He was running towards his friend.}
\par\plain {He saw them under the next gaslamp\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Victoria pointing, directing her two guards. They saw him at the same moment. A look of triumph flashed across Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. Their quarry was cornered.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get him!\u8221\'94 she bellowed, her voice echoing across the silent quad.}
\par\plain {The two guards moved to intercept, forming a wall of muscle to block his path. But Eddie didn't slow down. He didn't try to change direction. He ran straight at them.}
\par\plain {Just as the first guard reached for him, Eddie feinted left and then cut hard to the right, ducking under a clumsy, outstretched arm. He dodged past the second guard with a burst of desperate speed, his feet pounding on the stone path. He ran right past them, leaving them standing there, bewildered.}
\par\plain {Even Victoria was stunned into silence for a moment, her mouth slightly agape. What the hell was this kid thinking? He had a clear path to escape, and yet he was running deeper into campus, straight through them.}
\par\plain {Her shock lasted only a second before it hardened back into fury.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get him! Don\u8217\'92t let him escape!\u8221\'94 Victoria shouted, pointing in the direction Eddie was now heading. Recovering, the two guards turned and gave chase, their heavy footfalls thudding behind him as they pursued him into the night.}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {-o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {The lecture hall had emptied out ten minutes ago, but Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pace was slow as he walked the stone path back toward the dorms. The sun had long since set, and the Edenfield campus was bathed in the cool, silver light of the moon and the warm, flickering glow of gaslamps. The wind was picking up, rustling through the old oak trees and making the long shadows of the spires dance and twist like living things.}
\par\plain {He clutched the strap of his satchel, his mind miles away from his evening lecture on transmutational theory. It was on Eddie. Always on Eddie these days. He remembered their last conversation in the infirmary, the fight about him getting involved. Now, Eddie was distant, secretive, always buried in some restricted text or slipping away without a word. Will was worried. Worried about the Chimaeras, yes, but more worried about his best friend getting himself expelled. Or worse.}
\par\plain {He was so lost in thought that he didn't hear the light, quick footsteps behind him.}
\par\plain {Suddenly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 bam!}
\par\plain {A pair of arms wrapped around his chest from behind, and a familiar weight landed on his back. Will jumped, his heart lurching into his throat as he stumbled forward, nearly dropping his satchel.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey there, mr. downer!\u8221\'94 Ashley\u8217\'92s cheerful voice chirped right next to his ear. She let go, jogging to walk beside him, a wide grin on her face. Her Witchcraft robes were still draped over her arm. \u8220\'93How\u8217\'92d class go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will took a deep breath, trying to slow his racing pulse. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ash, don\u8217\'92t do that,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice more tired than angry. \u8220\'93Especially not at night. I\u8217\'92m glad it was you and not\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know, a Chimaera or something.\u8221\'94 He ran a hand through his hair. \u8220\'93The rumors about Eddie\u8217\'92s attack are all over campus. No one feels safe walking alone after dark anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grin widened mischievously. She puffed out her chest and curled her hands into claws. \u8220\'93Maybe I }{\f0\fs24\i1 am}{ a Chimaera,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she said, her voice a low growl. \u8220\'93A human-tiger hybrid, and I\u8217\'92m about to eat you! Waaaaargh!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She clearly expected him to quip back, to shove her playfully or roll his eyes. But he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He just sighed and kept walking, his gaze fixed on the path ahead.}
\par\plain {The silence that followed was immediate. Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s playful demeanor vanished in an instant. She was happy-go-lucky, but she was also deeply empathetic, and his lack of response was a louder signal than any argument. She fell into step beside him, her expression turning serious and analytical.}
\par\plain {She let him walk for a few more paces before speaking, her voice gentle now.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re still worried about Eddie, aren\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders sagged slightly. He tried to brush it off with a shrug, but he couldn\u8217\'92t meet her perceptive gaze. After a few more steps in silence, he sighed, the sound swallowed by the night air.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess\u8230\'85 I was just feeling guilty about yesterday,\u8221\'94 he admitted, his voice low. \u8220\'93I shouldn't have been so harsh on him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley tilted her head, her curiosity genuine. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you change your mind? You were okay with sneaking into the library and taking that book from the restricted section before. Why not now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because,\u8221\'94 Will said, stopping on the path and turning to face her fully. \u8220\'93I feel like this is something big. Bigger than us. I might not agree with how he\u8217\'92s been acting for the last few weeks, the secrecy and all that\u8230\'85 but I feel like he\u8217\'92s actually onto something this time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And that\u8217\'92s good, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 Ashley said, her voice becoming light and hopeful again. \u8220\'93If he\u8217\'92s right, then he can prove it and this whole thing will be over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Will said, his expression grim. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not good. Because if he\u8217\'92s right, he\u8217\'92s not up against the Student Council or the faculty anymore. If this is from the outside, then he's probably up against someone far more powerful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The hope in Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flickered and died, replaced by a shared understanding of the danger. They started walking again, the silence between them heavier now. The only sounds were Will's steady footsteps on the stone and the occasional scuff of Ashley\u8217\'92s sneakers as she kicked a loose pebble along the path.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He can\u8217\'92t do it alone,\u8221\'94 Will finally said, the words heavy with a conclusion he\u8217\'92d been fighting for days.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then we shouldn\u8217\'92t let him be,\u8221\'94 Ashley replied instantly, her voice sure and clear.}
\par\plain {Will frowned in confusion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean? We shouldn\u8217\'92t let him go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, dummy.\u8221\'94 Ashley nudged him hard with her elbow, a spark of her usual mischief returning. \u8220\'93We shouldn\u8217\'92t let him go }{\f0\fs24\i1 alone}{.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The simple clarification landed in Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind like a key turning in a lock. He stopped again, looking at her as the weight on his shoulders seemed to visibly lift. A slow smile spread across his face, a genuine one this time, reaching his eyes. He let out a short, relieved chuckle. She was right. It was that simple. They were a team.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re insufferable,\u8221\'94 Will chuckled, shaking his head fondly as they started walking again, their steps now in sync.}
\par\plain {A genuine smile lit Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face as they started walking again, the weight of his worry finally lifted. For the first time in weeks, it felt like they were back on the same page, a team again. The path ahead seemed a little brighter, the night air less oppressive.}
\par\plain {Their comfortable silence was shattered by a sharp, commanding shout that cut through the night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Stop him!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will and Ashley both froze, heads snapping in the direction of the voice. It came from the direction of the main quad, near the faculty buildings.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Ashley began, squinting into the distance.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that Eddie?\u8221\'94 Will finished, his own voice tight with a dawning sense of dread.}
\par\plain {As if on cue, a figure burst into view, sprinting past the gap between the Alchemy and Herbology halls. There was no mistaking the bellowing brown jacket and ripped jeans. It was Eddie. Seconds later, three more figures followed in hot pursuit: Victoria Aynesworth, her face a mask of cold fury, flanked by her two hulking Student Council guards.}
\par\plain {Will stared, his newfound peace evaporating into pure exasperation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Bollocks,\u8221\'94}{ he cursed under his breath. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did he do this time?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {But before he could even fully process the scene, Ashley was already moving. With her  robes billowing behind her like a battle cloak in the wind, she broke into a dead sprint toward the chaos.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on!\u8221\'94 she shouted back at him, not even breaking stride. \u8220\'93We can still help him!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will stood rooted to the spot for a single, agonizing moment. Every rational part of his brain screamed at him to turn around, to go back to the dorm, to stay out of it. This was it. This was the final warning. Getting involved now meant expulsion, no questions asked.}
\par\plain {He looked from Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s retreating figure to the chase unfolding across the quad. He saw his best friend, alone, running from a fight he couldn\u8217\'92t possibly win.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Screw it,\u8221\'94 he muttered to himself.}
\par\plain {He broke into a run, his satchel bouncing against his back as he sprinted to catch up.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Ash! Wait up!\u8221\'94}}