{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki continued walking along the paved road that wound through the forest, the fading light casting long shadows across the path. The scene was serene, a stark contrast to the rainy, muddy night when she had first stumbled upon this place in the present. The air was crisp and cool, filled with the gentle rustling of leaves and the distant chirping of birds. It was peaceful, almost idyllic, and for a moment, Haruki allowed herself to forget the weight of everything that had happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As she walked, the small house came into view. It was a humble cottage, nestled among the trees, its wooden walls weathered but sturdy. The roof was sloped and tiled, and the windows were framed by simple shutters. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t grand or imposing, but it had a quiet charm that made it feel like home\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at least, for now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki approached the house, her footsteps soft against the paved road. The two doors\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one at the front and one at the back\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stood as a reminder of the strange, almost magical quality of this place. She paused for a moment, her hand resting on the handle of the front door, before pushing it open and stepping inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The air inside was cool and still, the faint scent of wood and earth filling her nostrils. The interior was simple but cozy, with a small wooden table, a few chairs, and a fireplace in the corner. The floorboards creaked softly under her feet as she walked further in, her bag slung over her shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki set her bag down by the table, her back against the wooden chair. She closed her eyes, letting out a long breath as the events of the day replayed in her mind. Meeting Nagano and Honoka, seeing them as they truly were\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 young, vibrant, and full of life\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had been both exhilarating and overwhelming. She had seen a side of her parents she had never known, a side that made her heart ache with a strange mix of joy and sadness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki sat at the small wooden table, her thoughts swirling like a storm. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop thinking about what she had done in the present\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how she had run away from home, angry and hurt, after her parents had crushed her dreams. She had been so consumed by her anger that she hadn\u8217\'92t stopped to consider how they might feel. Did they regret their decision? Were they worried about her? Or were they just as stubborn and unyielding as ever?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But now, after meeting Nagano and Honoka\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the younger versions of her parents\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was reminded of the good times she had shared with them. She thought about her father singing\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ue o Muite Aruk\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u333\'6F}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~to her when she was little, his voice warm and comforting. She thought about her mother, who, despite her busy schedule, would sometimes talk to her or ask for help in the kitchen. Those moments had been rare, but they had been precious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She also thought about Aiko and Akihito, her best friends. What were they thinking now? Were they worried about her? Did they think she had disappeared like Yaeko Matsuda? The thought made her chest tighten. If she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t return, would she become just another rumor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a girl who went missing before graduation because of an argument with her parents? The reputation of the Art Club would be tarnished, with two vice-presidents disappearing under similar circumstances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki missed everything from her time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her strict parents, her best friends, her club. She missed the life she had left behind, even if it hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been perfect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her gaze drifted to the door opposite her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the one she had come through. Beyond that door was the present, the 2000s, her real home. She got up from the table and walked over to it, her heart pounding. She grabbed the handle and tried to pry it open, but it wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t budge. She nudged it, then forced it, slamming her body against it in desperation. But the door remained firmly shut, and all she succeeded in doing was hurting her shoulders and knocking over the items on the nearby shelves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki sat on the floor, rubbing her sore shoulders and wincing in pain. As she caught her breath, she noticed something among the scattered items\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a leather-bound book. It was red with brass edges, and its pages had fallen open to a specific spread. Haruki picked it up, her curiosity piqued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 On the left page was an illustration of the door before her, the sketch eerily accurate. The details were precise, from the grain of the wood to the brass handle. It was as if someone had drawn it from life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 On the right page was a poem, its text surrounded by intricate illustrations and decorations that looked medieval\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 far older than the time she was currently in. The words were written in an elegant script, and they read:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When the sun meets the moon}{\f0\fs24\b0 \line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 When the dark meets the light}{\f0\fs24\b0 \line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 When the evil meets the good}{\f0\fs24\b0 \line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 When the man meets the lady}{\f0\fs24\b0 \line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 The gate shall open.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stared at the page, her mind racing. At first, she thought it was just a vintage book, perhaps something the previous owner of the cottage had collected. But the illustration of the door and the cryptic poem made her wonder if there was more to it. Was this a clue? A way back to her own time?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She closed the book and placed it back on the shelf, her thoughts a jumbled mess. She was too tired to make sense of it now. All she wanted was to sleep and process the bizarre day she had just experienced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki walked to the small room with the iron-frame bed and lay down, her body sinking into the thin mattress. She stared at the ceiling, her mind still racing, but exhaustion soon overtook her. As she drifted off to sleep, the words of the poem echoed in her mind, a faint glimmer of hope amidst the chaos.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}