{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine sprinted down the stone corridors of the Alchemy Faculty building, her boots skidding against the flagstones as she careened around a corner. Her satchel slammed against her hip with every frantic step, but she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dare slow to adjust it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not when the minute hand on her watch had already crept\~}{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 two minutes past}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~the hour.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Damn it, damn it, damn it\hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Professor Hudson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s class had started sixty seconds ago. And everyone knew what that meant:\~the door would be locked.\~No exceptions. No mercy. Not even for her with perfect attendance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t meant to lose track of time. But between her backlog of Herbology assignments and the notes she\u8217\'92d been scrawling\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 notes about The Spike Man, about Eddie, about that\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 thing}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~that moved like a man but wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the hour had bled away like ink in rain. Now her lungs burned, and the puzzle pieces she\u8217\'92d been trying to force together only grew sharper, more jagged in her mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned sharply down a narrow hallway, nearly colliding with a floating cart of flasks.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Focus.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 One thing at a time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The heavy oaken door to the Herbology lab loomed ahead, carved with ivy and curling vines that shimmered faintly in the light. As she reached for the handle, her heart pounded\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 half from the run, half from the fear that she was already too late.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the soft murmur of voices inside met her ears, and when she eased the door open, she exhaled with relief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Professor Hudson wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t here yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inside, students clustered in groups, tending to glass terrariums, adjusting runic lighting, or arguing softly over pruning techniques. The scent of damp moss and pollen clung to the air like mist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine slipped inside quietly, closing the heavy door behind her with a soft click. She scanned the room quickly, eyes darting over the clusters of students and their green, glowing plants, until they settled on a familiar figure near the back. Walther sat hunched over his workstation, his fingers moving steadily across a piece of parchment covered in neat, looping script.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without hesitation, Madeleine crossed the room and slid into the chair beside him. The moment her weight settled, the door creaked again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Professor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arrival\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and the low hum of anticipation rippled through the lab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther looked up briefly, his dark eyes narrowing as he took in the flushed, breathless expression on her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine, you\u8217\'92re late,\u8221\'94 he said, voice quiet but edged with mild amusement. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re usually the first one here. What kept you? Another all-nighter at the Sanctuary?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She swallowed, forcing a tired smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something like that.\u8221\'94\line She didn\u8217\'92t want to say more, especially not here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not with half the class listening and Walther\u8217\'92s perceptive gaze pressing gently but firmly.\line Instead, she nodded toward his parchment. \u8220\'93What are you working on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The assignment, of course.\u8221\'94\~Walther rotated the specimen, revealing veins of\~bioluminescent blue\~threading through the cactus spines.\~\u8220\'93Alamirian sun-cactus and Edenfield\u8217\'92s midnight mushroom. Grafted at cellular level.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She recoiled.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That should be impossible. Their cellular structures are polar opposites\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one thrives on light, the other decays in it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It might be if you are talking in Herbology terms,\u8221\'94 Walther\u8217\'92s lips twitched.\~"And yet."\~He tapped the dish; the hybrid tissue shuddered.\~"In, Alchemy. the creation of the mythical philosopher stone is to merge two essential substance of an opposite spectrum into one great creation called the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Magnum Opus. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you understand its most essence, all things can merge. Even opposites."\~His eyes flicked to hers, sharp as a scalpel.\~"Imagine }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 what else could be made if only people study cross-disciplines}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ."}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 Madeleine smiled, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure it will make something great-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door groaned open.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Conversations died mid-syllable. The scrape of chairs, the rustle of parchment\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everything stilled as\~Professor Gareth Hudson\~stepped into the lecture hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He moved like a blade being sheathed:\~smooth, silent, and sharp enough to draw blood. His polished boots clicked against the stone floor, each step measured, deliberate. The air thickened with the scent of\~bergamot and iron\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his signature blend of alchemical reagents and something darker.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No one breathed too loud.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t glance at the class. He simply took his seat, slid a leather-bound tome from his desk, and flipped it open. The\~crack of the spine\~echoed like a gunshot in the silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A full minute passed. The only sound was the turn of a page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What,\u8221\'94\~he said, without looking up,\~\u8220\'93Is the subject of today\u8217\'92s lecture?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The silence grew teeth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Students stiffened in their seats. A first-year near the front gripped their quill so tight it snapped. Hudson didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t react. He just waited, his finger resting on a line of text as if to say:\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 I have all day. You don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The application of alchemical grafting in medicinal botany.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice cut through the quiet, clear and unflinching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s finger paused. Slowly, he lifted his gaze to hers. The lantern light caught the silver in his hair, the frost in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can anybody elaborate?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine opened her mouth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not you, Mrs. Daedallia.\u8221\'94\~His voice was a scalpel.\~\u8220\'93Give chance to the others.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then - the scrape of Walther's chair. His voice, calm: "Cross-species grafting via alchemical mediation. Reducing both specimens to their essential salts before recombination allows hybridization beyond natural taxonomical boundaries." His fingers absently traced the petri dish's edge. "Even between monocots and dicots."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson's pen stopped mid-margin note. The nib split the paper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression didn\u8217\'92t change.\~\u8220\'93Excellent... Excellent, Mr. Schroder.\u8221\'94\~He closed the book with a\~thud\~that made half the class flinch.\~\u8220\'93Though you omitted the critical flaw.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pen hovered above his notes.\~\u8220\'93The\u8230\'85 the mortality rate, sir?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 arrogance}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\~Hudson\u8217\'92s fingers steepled, his voice a whip.\~\u8220\'93What you just described is\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 alchemy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not herbology. You are\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 herbologists}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , not }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 alchemists}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Use your own bloody terms.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\~His gaze swept the room.\~\u8220\'93Anyone else?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze locked onto Madeleine like a falcon sighting prey.\~\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since you\u8217\'92re so\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 confident}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~in your herbology knowledge, Mrs. Daedallia\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\~He gestured to the chalkboard with a flick of his fingers.\~\u8220\'93Enlighten us. In\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 correct}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~terms.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A beat of silence. The class held its breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine exhaled through her nose, then stood. Her chair didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t scrape. Her steps didn\u8217\'92t falter. She reached the board and plucked a piece of chalk from the tray, her fingers steady.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine nodded absently, still feeling the weight of sleepless nights and the gnawing mystery at the back of her mind. She reached down to her satchel to pull out her binders, intending to get her notes ready.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But as she yanked the bag up hastily, her tired fingers slipped. Instead of the binder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sturdy spine, her grip caught the loose papers tucked behind it. In an instant, a flurry of parchment spiraled out, fluttering down like autumn leaves across the stone floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, no,\u8221\'94 Madeleine muttered under her breath, cheeks flushing as she crouched to gather the scattered sheets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther, sitting beside her, was already reaching down to help, his calm presence a quiet anchor amid her embarrassment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here,\u8221\'94 he said softly, handing her a few papers with an easy efficiency.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks,\u8221\'94 she murmured, biting her lip as she carefully stacked them back into the binder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be careful next time alright? This is not a good time to-\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Madeleine crouched, carefully gathering the scattered papers with Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s steady help. Each sheet slipped back into her binder brought a small wave of relief. Almost all of it was accounted for\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 except one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her eyes followed Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze as he held a single page between his fingers. His expression shifted sharply, a flicker of something like horror mixed with disbelief crossing his usually unreadable face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Walther?\u8221\'94 Madeleine\u8217\'92s voice was low but urgent. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say a word, his fingers tightening around the paper as if it burned him. Her heart quickened, unease prickling beneath her skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A shadow fell over them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there a problem, Mrs. Daedallia?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Professor Hudson loomed above, his polished boots inches from the scattered papers. His gaze flicked to the sketch still trapped between Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A beat. Two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see you\u8217\'92ve taken up\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 photography}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\~Hudson\u8217\'92s voice was dry as bone.\~\u8220\'93Though your proportions are off. Alamirian tigers have\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 five}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~lumbar vertebrae, not six.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a quick tug, she yanked the page from his grasp, pulling it closer to her. Her breath caught as she recognized the photograph taped across the parchment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the polaroid she took\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the detailed, haunting photo of the Chimaera.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulse hammered in her ears as Walther\u8217\'92s wide eyes met hers, his usual calm shattered for a fleeting moment. She quickly hid the paper beneath her binder, forcing her voice steady.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where did you...?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips pressed into a thin line, eyes darkening. For the first time, the mysterious distance around him felt like something more\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something dangerous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine swallowed, her secret suddenly feeling heavier than ever. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moon hung low over Edenfield\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s towering spires, its silver glow pooling on the cobbled pathways. Lanterns flickered in the cold breeze as Madeleine stepped out of the Alchemy building, tugging her scarf tighter and buttoning her coat all the way up to her chin. The night bit at her cheeks, and the long day pressed against her shoulders like a weight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The classroom emptied like a sinking ship\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 students fleeing into the night, their chatter swallowed by the groan of the oak doors. Madeleine lingered just long enough to seem unhurried, adjusting her scarf with deliberate slowness. The wool scratched her jaw, but the cold bit deeper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Mrs. Daedallia."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice slithered through the drafty hall. He stood framed by the window, moonlight carving his silhouette into something\~sharp and surgical.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You care for a chat?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers tightened around her satchel strap.\~"Of course, Professor."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson leaned against the stone windowsill, the moonlight cutting across his face. For a moment, he looked almost human\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tired, maybe. Then the mask slid back into place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That sketch of yours,"\~he said, tapping his gloved fingers against the sill.\~"Where\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d you get the idea? Not many have seen a South Alamirian Tiger up close."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A beat. Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulse thudded in her throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Just something I cobbled together,"\~she said.\~"Probably inaccurate."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson chuckled\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a rare, dry sound.\~"I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve handled more of those beasts than the Sanctuary\u8217\'92s records show. Their stripe patterns are like fingerprints. Yours was\u8230\'85\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 close}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Too close.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers twitched toward her satchel, where the sketch was hidden.\~"Lucky guess."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Of course."\~His smile didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t reach his eyes. He knew she was lying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence stretched between them, thick with unspoken things. Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You remind me of her,"\~Hudson said abruptly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine blinked.\~"Who?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "My daughter."\~His voice was quieter now, the edge dulled.\~"Livia. She was like you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 curious. Smart. Argued with professors twice her age just to see if she could win."\~A pause.\~"It got her into trouble sometimes."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was something in his tone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a warning, or a regret. Madeleine couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t tell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "She sounds like someone I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d like to meet,"\~she offered.\~"Maybe she could volunteer at the Sanctuary with\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gone."\~Hudson cut her off, his voice flat.\~"Vanished before she ever set foot in Edenfield."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The words hung in the air like frost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught.\~"I\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m sorry."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson straightened, his gloves creaking as he flexed his hands.\~"Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be. Curiosity isn\u8217\'92t a crime."\~He met her gaze, and for the first time, his icy demeanor cracked just enough to show the grief beneath.\~"But it has consequences."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The words hung between them, sharp as a scalpel left on a lab table. The wind outside rattled the windowpanes, but neither moved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Tell me, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve known me two years now,"\~Hudson said, his voice quieter than she\u8217\'92d ever heard it.\~"In class. At the Sanctuary. Tell me honestly\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93do you think I\u8217\'92m a bad father?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t Professor Hudson the alchemist, the disciplinarian, the man who locked lecture doors at the first chime of the clock. This was just\~Gareth Hudson, a man with a missing daughter and a grief he couldn\u8217\'92t dissolve in acid or bury in research.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She could lie. She\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 should}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~lie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Madeleine had never been good at that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know,"\~she said slowly, meeting his gaze.\~"But if you raised your daughter like you teach your classes\u8230\'85"\~She hesitated, then forged ahead.\~"She might\u8217\'92ve thought you didn\u8217\'92t care. Even if you did."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face didn\u8217\'92t change, but his gloved hand flexed at his side, like he was gripping an invisible vial too tight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine immediately regretted it.\~"I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m sorry. That was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson\~chuckled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A real, genuine laugh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 low and rough, like gravel underfoot. Madeleine had\~never\~heard it before. Her face flushed hot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Do you hate my teaching so much,"\~he said, shaking his head,\~"that you assumed I raised my children the same way?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine stiffened, her ears burning.\~"I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not what I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Oh, I think it was."\~His smirk was faint but unmistakable.\~"Go on, then. Since we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re being\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 honest}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ."\~He crossed his arms.\~"What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s so\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 extreme}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~about my methods?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine exhaled sharply.\~"You lock students out for being\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 a minute late}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . You grade like a war tribunal. Half your class has stress-induced nosebleeds before midterms."\~She paused, then added,\~"Sir."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smirk deepened.\~"And yet, you\u8217\'92re still here."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Because I- not everyone can do what I do,"\~she admitted grudgingly.\~"It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brutal!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a moment, he just studied her, the ghost of amusement still lingering. Then his gaze drifted past her, toward the darkened hallway, as if seeing something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or someone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "In my previous career,"\~he said, voice softer now,\~"that was how we taught. No second chances. No room for error."\~A pause.\~"And we produced the finest alchemists in the kingdom."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was something in his tone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pride, yes, but also a quiet ache.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine tilted her head.\~"Previous career?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression shuttered.\~"Go home, Mrs. Daedallia."\~He turned back toward the window, the moonlight washing him pale again.\~"And for God\u8217\'92s sake, stop drawing creatures you don\u8217\'92t understand."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dismissal was clear. But this time, as Madeleine turned to leave, she caught the way his fingers\~brushed against the locket\~at his throat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just once, like a reflex.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine hesitated at the corridor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge, her scarf fluttering in the icy draft.\~\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not going home? Curfew\u8217\'92s in ten minutes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t turn around.\~\u8220\'93Campus business.\u8221\'94\~His gloves flexed around a brass key\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 too large for a desk drawer, too small for a door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She should\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve left. But curiosity hooked into her ribs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Professor,\u8221\'94\~she called after him,\~\u8220\'93what\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~you do before Edenfield?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence. Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Crownstead Military Academy.\u8221\'94\~His voice was flat, stripped of its earlier humor.\~\u8220\'93Instructor, Seventh Spearhead Division. I was a Military Alchemist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Military alchemist.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~The words landed like a lit fuse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Images snapped into place: his\~precision, his\~contempt for hesitation, the way he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d described grafting as\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93arrogance\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not on ethical grounds, but\~tactical ones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he was gone, his footsteps echoing down the hall\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 too rhythmic to be anything but marching.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}