{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie and Torrie settled down at the side of the Traveller\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path as the night deepened around them. The glowing Eden Flowers cast a gentle, golden light over the path, creating a serene atmosphere amidst the dense darkness of the Deep Glaive. Eddie sat on the edge of the path, his gaze fixed on the flickering lights of the Eden Flowers. On the other hand, Torrie focused on a more delicate task. She deftly wove Eden Flowers into a crown, her small fingers moving with practised ease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie glanced at her, a hint of curiosity in his voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, Torrie, how do you feel about seeing Catherine again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie looked up from her flower crown, her expression of thoughtful satisfaction. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m happy. Not every day you meet someone with so much knowledge and experience. Aunt Catherine has travelled far and studied so much. Being able to learn from her is fascinating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 Eddie flashed }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 a faint smile \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s... good to see her again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile widened slightly but didn\u8217\'92t reach her eyes as much as before. \u8220\'93And what about you? How do you feel about meeting her again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shrugged, his tone neutral. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile faltered, her eyes narrowing slightly as she studied Eddie\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93Just that? Nothing else fascinates you about her return?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The shift in Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tone was subtle but unmistakable. The casualness of the conversation began to dissipate, replaced by an undercurrent of tension. Eddie\u8217\'92s smile faded, and he looked away, his expression suddenly distant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just... seeing her again is... cool\u8230\'85 She\u8217\'92s awesome.\u8221\'94 Eddie replied, his voice lacking its earlier warmth. He glanced at Torrie, whose previously bright demeanour had now shifted to something more serious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes searched his face, her gaze intense. \u8220\'93Are you telling me that\u8217\'92s all there is to it? You don\u8217\'92t feel anything else about her returning after all this time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shifted uncomfortably. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not like that. I just... I don\u8217\'92t know. She\u8217\'92s still the same person she was before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile had vanished entirely, replaced by a frown of concern and confusion. \u8220\'93Eddie, I thought you\u8217\'92d be more... interested. You used to look up to her so much. Doesn\u8217\'92t it bother you that she seems different now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flicked to the side, avoiding her piercing gaze. \u8220\'93Maybe. I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air between them grew thicker, with unspoken emotions. Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frustration and Eddie\u8217\'92s indifference created a palpable tension. Torrie\u8217\'92s fingers paused mid-motion with the flower crown, her face a mask of frustration and hurt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Eden Flowers glowed softly. Their light cast long shadows that danced across their faces. The once-comforting glow now seemed to highlight the distance growing between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie finally broke the silence, her voice quiet but firm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re not interested in seeing what\u8217\'92s different, then...\u8221\'94 Her voice ceded down}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1  \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93why are you even here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}