{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stairs groaned softly, their creaks reverberating in the stillness of the apothecary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton carefully mounted the steps. An attic was reached by a narrow wooden staircase. The polished railings sparkled under her fingertips. A small, circular window at the landing let soft light cast long shadows that danced with her every step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With each step, the town below faded into a whisper of bustling life. Replaced by the second floor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s oppressive stillness. As she rose, her free hand gently caressed the coarse wooden walls. She touched the rough spots and gouges, scars from her son's growing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she approached the attic door, a moment of hesitation gripped her. Pausing for a brief moment, she lifted her hand with a touch of uncertainty. The wood stood strong, though it bore the marks of time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton closed her eyes, inhaled deeply, and then rapped softly with her knuckles, the sound a delicate, almost timid knock against the quietude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edward?\u8221\'94 she whispered into the quiet, her voice barely breaking the stillness of the attic. She leaned in.. The other side lingered in their silence. Her brow knitted together, a delicate line appearing between her eyes. She cast a fleeting look at the door handle, an urge to twist it, yet she held back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instead, she knocked again, this time with a deeper intent, the sound echoing more profoundly through the room beyond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence. Thick and unmoving. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Beyond the attic door, the room lay in comfortable chaos.}
\par\plain {Dim morning light filtered through the thick curtains, spilling in slivers across the wooden floor in long golden beams. Dust floated lazily in the shafts of sunlight, twinkling like tiny stars suspended midair\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 silent witnesses to the stillness of the space.}
\par\plain {Clothes were strewn across the room in a manner that suggested intention, though none could discern it. A crumpled hoodie draped over the back of a chair like a flag at half-mast. Socks lounged beneath the radiator like they had retired there. A faded pair of jeans curled beneath the edge of the bed, only half-visible in the shadows.}
\par\plain {The walls still wore old posters from Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s younger days\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 peeling corners, sun-bleached edges. One of them, a diagram of the periodic table, sagged on a single thumbtack like it had long since given up trying to inspire anyone.}
\par\plain {Books were stacked on every available surface\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 beside the bed, by the window, across the desk. Their cracked spines told stories of long hours and frayed patience. School textbooks sat beside more peculiar reads: }{\f0\fs24\i1 Advanced Chemical Interactions}{, }{\f0\fs24\i1 Molecules of the Mind}{, }{\f0\fs24\i1 Living With Schizophrenia: A Guide for Young Adults}{, and }{\f0\fs24\i1 The ADHD Brain and You}{. A few had notes scribbled in the margins, messy thoughts that began with certainty and trailed off mid-sentence.}
\par\plain {And slumped over it all, as if weighed down by the very air, was the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lone occupant.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s maroon diamond-patterned sweater hung loose over his narrow shoulders, its sleeves pushed up to his elbows. His brown hair, in desperate need of a comb, fell haphazardly over his forehead. He was hunched at his desk, arms folded into a makeshift pillow, the curve of his back almost apologetic. His breath moved gently through parted lips, steady and quiet, the only sign of life in the attic retreat.}
\par\plain {His laptop lay open before him, screen dimmed, still glowing faintly in the dust-light. Around it were drafts of scholarship applications, their wording clumsy with uncertainty. A few rejection emails sat crumpled nearby\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 folded too many times, like they might eventually disappear if bent enough. One fresh letter remained unsent, cursor blinking on an unfinished sentence: }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Though I may not meet the usual criteria, I believe I\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {It blinked again. Waiting.}
\par\plain {And Eddie slept on, caught in that strange space between exhaustion and escape, unaware of the morning pressing gently against the glass.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The knocking at the door continued. A soft, measured rhythm, persistent against the wood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still, he did not stir. Succumbing to his sleep and the sounds from distant lands.}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Mrs. Welton knocked again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more resolutely this time, as if the sound itself could unravel the silence that enveloped the room.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie?\u8221\'94 she called once more, Still, no answer.}
\par\plain {She let out a sigh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 she murmured to herself, \u8220\'93I knew it\u8217\'92d come to this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A brief glance over her shoulder. Then another down the staircase. She listened for footsteps\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s light tread. but the house remained still, the kind of quiet that lent itself to secrets.}
\par\plain {Just to be sure, she descended a single step, peering down into the hallway. No one. She turned back, her movements measured and discreet.}
\par\plain {Slipping a hand into the folds of her skirt, her fingers found the smooth curve of polished wood. The piece of wood was warm to the touch, as if it had been waiting for her. }
\par\plain {With a flick of her wrist, it slid free into her palm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a slender rod of dark oak, its surface carved with intricate, interlocking patterns that shimmered faintly in the gloom.}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton glanced once more over her shoulder.}
\par\plain {She raised the wand toward the old door. Its lock, long mundane to any outsider, shimmered faintly with worn runes when the tip of her wand hovered near. With a practiced flick and a silent invocation, a gentle click echoed in the stillness. The runes pulsed faintly, then faded like dew retreating into the morning shadows.}
\par\plain {She exhaled quietly, tucked the wand back into her pocket, and placed her hand on the door handle. No hesitation now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just the fluid grace of someone who had done this before.}
\par\plain {With a soft turn, she opened the door as though nothing had happened.}
\par\plain {And stepped inside.}
\par\plain {The room was full of clutter.}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze swept over the battlefield of clothes, scattered papers, and forgotten mugs. Her eyebrows lifted slightly as she took in the disarray.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 she muttered under her breath, stepping carefully over a crumpled tunic on the floor. \u8220\'93A storm couldn\u8217\'92t have done a better job.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She pressed her lips together, her eyes locking on the slouched figure at the desk. Eddie lay folded over it, unmoving save for the slow, steady rise and fall of his breathing. One earphone dangled from his ear, leaking the faint, fuzzy crackle of some melancholic rock song\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an old track warped by overuse and low volume. The laptop before him glowed dully, flickering over a mess of open tabs and document files.}
\par\plain {She took a cautious step forward.}
\par\plain {Then another.}
\par\plain {Each step was measured\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 careful not to crunch loose paper or bump the old wooden chair leaning precariously nearby. Her eyes flicked from the scattered textbooks to the fading posters, to the cracked spine of a self-help manual barely holding together with tape.}
\par\plain {Closer.}
\par\plain {She inched around the bedpost. A sock clung to the side of her shoe. She kicked it off with quiet precision.}
\par\plain {Closer.}
\par\plain {Eddie muttered something unintelligible in his sleep, shifting slightly. Mrs. Welton froze mid-step, heart thudding. Her hand hovered just above his slumped shoulder.}
\par\plain {A beat passed.}
\par\plain {Then, without warning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Edward Welton!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Her voice cracked like a whip across the attic. Sharp, commanding, but undercut with the unmistakable warmth of exasperated affection.}
\par\plain {Eddie jolted awake so violently that his chair tipped backward in an instant.}
\par\plain {His arms flailed, knocking aside a stack of notes. The earphone ripped from his ear with a sharp crackle of static\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only for the rock music to burst full-volume from his laptop speakers.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93GAAH\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 !\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Books, letters, and rejection slips erupted into the air, cascading like parade confetti. One slapped him in the face. Another spiraled like a leaf into a coffee-stained sock.}
\par\plain {His foot caught something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 possibly a textbook, possibly his own sense of dignity\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and the chair\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back legs gave way completely. Eddie went down with a theatrical, graceless }{\f0\fs24\i1 thud}{, hitting the floor hard enough to rattle the desk.}
\par\plain {The music kept playing.}
\par\plain {From somewhere on the ground, he groaned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85morning, Mum.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton stood tall over the wreckage of her son, arms crossed, hands perched sternly on her hips. The look she gave him could\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve curdled fresh milk.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You agreed }{\f0\fs24\i1 weeks ago}{ to accompany Torrie on her first day of school,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she snapped. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not letting her get lost on the way while you spend all morning }{\f0\fs24\i1 oversleeping!}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie groaned as he sat up, his maroon sweater sliding off one shoulder, his hair sticking up in several absurd directions. He rubbed his head, blinking blearily like someone dragged out of a dream. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mom... Could you at least knock first?\u8221\'94 he grumbled, voice still hoarse from sleep.}
\par\plain {Then, a beat passed. His eyes narrowed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait.\u8221\'94 He glanced at the door. \u8220\'93I locked my room. How the hell did you get in?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\i1 First thing,}{ language,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mrs. Welton retorted, brows raised.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Second thing, I }{\f0\fs24\i1 did}{ knock,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she added with a huff, pointing pointedly at the now-open door like it betrayed him. \u8220\'93But you were too busy listening to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 she waved a hand toward the tangled mess of earphones and charging cables, the laptop still blaring jagged electric guitar riffs under a screeching vocal line, \u8220\'93\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 whatever that is.}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie rolled his eyes, reaching up to his keyboard. With a single tap, the chaos cut to silence.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s rock, Mum,\u8221\'94 he muttered, as if that alone granted him cultural immunity. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s this new band. Their songs are pretty neat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\i1 Like I care about that, Edward!}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she interrupted sharply, eyes narrowing. \u8220\'93Now get }{\f0\fs24\i1 up,}{ before your sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s late for her }{\f0\fs24\i1 first day}{ in secondary school!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie groaned, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. "Secondary school?" he muttered, his voice still thick with sleep. "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Torrie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in secondary school now?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton pinched the bridge of her nose. "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 She is.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Did you forget that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 too}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Look, Mum," Eddie pushed himself up, wincing as he untangled his legs from a mess of books and crumpled clothes. "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 difficult}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to keep track of things when I need to send away letters and doing test every two days." He stretched, his back popping as he tried to shake off the last bits of sleep. "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Can I clean up a bit before we go?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton bent down with a sigh, picking up the books and papers that had scattered across the floor. Unlike Eddie, who left things in precarious heaps, she stacked them neatly, smoothing out crumpled pages before placing them back onto his desk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You should at least }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 try}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to keep things organized," she scolded, adjusting a pile of chemistry notes. "Honestly, Edward, I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how you can work like this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 do}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  work like this," Eddie shot back as he pulled a fresh shirt from a chair\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 though it was debatable how }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 fresh}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it actually was. He gave it a quick sniff before pulling it on. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been busy applying to universities you know? Oxford, Cambridge, Saint Andrews. It\u8217\'92s not like I\u8217\'92m just }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 lounging}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  about."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Mrs. Welton, still tidying with a kind of surgical disdain, hesitated as she adjusted a stack of papers. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have you\u8230\'85 given any thought to that other university I mentioned a few months ago?\u8221\'94 she asked, her tone deliberately casual.}
\par\plain {Eddie frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve mentioned }{\f0\fs24\i1 loads}{ of places, Mum. That one in Manchester the Bakers recommended. Then Durham because Mrs. Withers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 son went there. And something about a marine biology course even though I hate boats.\u8221\'94 He paused. \u8220\'93Which one }{\f0\fs24\i1 now}{?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\i1 Edenfield University,}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she said, like it should have been obvious. \u8220\'93The one where your Aunt Catherine teaches.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie turned to face her slowly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edenfield?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A pause.}
\par\plain {Eddie squinted at her like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d misheard. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton gave him a confused look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean, not real?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, brushing a hand through his hair, \u8220\'93I }{\f0\fs24\i1 looked.}{ I looked everywhere. Edenfield University doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exist. There\u8217\'92s no website, no rankings, no Wikipedia page, no contact details\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 nothing.}{ I even tried looking up Aunt Catherine, and surprise\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 no record of her.}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 His voice rose slightly, more incredulous than angry. \u8220\'93You keep saying you }{\f0\fs24\i1 studied}{ there. But how can a university that doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exist have alumni? Or staff?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton said nothing for a moment. She was still, like someone trying to recall a dream she was }{\f0\fs24\i1 sure}{ she had. Then she gave a tight, almost dismissive shake of the head.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just because it\u8217\'92s not on the internet doesn\u8217\'92t mean it isn\u8217\'92t real,\u8221\'94 she said quietly. \u8220\'93Not everything worth knowing is searchable, Edward.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {That only deepened his confusion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mum. It\u8217\'92s 2025. Everything has }{\f0\fs24\i1 some}{ kind of digital footprint. At least }{\f0\fs24\i1 one}{ mention. But Edenfield? It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s like it\u8217\'92s been scrubbed out of existence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton met his gaze, her expression unreadable now. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All I\u8217\'92m saying is\u8230\'85 maybe you\u8217\'92re not looking in the right place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She reached into her cardigan pocket, producing a small hairbrush. Without asking, she began taming the wild thatch of hair on his head, tutting as she did so.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mum,\u8221\'94 he whined, ducking away, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m }{\f0\fs24\i1 eighteen,}{ not eight.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then start acting like it,\u8221\'94 she said, planting the brush on his desk. \u8220\'93Five minutes. Downstairs. Or I\u8217\'92m taking Torrie by myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {With that, she swept from the room, leaving the door open and her son standing amid the wreckage of his morning, scratching his head.}}