{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The scene shifts once more, casting a spotlight on Fred, his black-hooded cloak swirling dramatically behind him as he enters the communication channels room. The air crackles with a low hum of machinery, a constant symphony of technological whirring and buzzing. The scent of ozone and hot metal hangs heavy, a testament to the tireless work of the cultists maintaining the room's intricate machinery.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fred approaches one of the figures hunched over a control panel, a wiry man with a nervous twitch to his eye. "All systems operational?" Fred inquires, his voice low and guarded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The cultist jumps slightly at the sound, his gaze darting nervously towards Fred. "Y-yes, sir," he stammers, his voice betraying a tremor of fear. "Everything seems to be in order. No disruptions detected on any channels."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fred narrows his eyes, his gaze lingering on the man a beat too long. The cultist's nervous demeanor does little to quell the suspicion gnawing at Fred's gut. Yet, the man's hands move with practiced efficiency across the control panel, and there's no outward sign of deception.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Good," Fred replies curtly, his voice offering no reassurance. "Maintain vigilance. Report any anomalies immediately."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The cultist offers a shaky nod as Fred turns away, his keen eyes scanning the room once more. An undeniable tension hangs in the air, thick and oppressive like the humid atmosphere. It prickles at Fred's senses, a subtle tremor hinting at a storm brewing beneath the surface.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He strides purposefully towards a far corner, his attention snagged by a peculiar device tucked away in the shadows. Unlike the familiar banks of communication equipment, this device is a tangled mess of wires and circuits, an alien technology seemingly out of place in this utilitarian space.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fred approaches cautiously, his brow furrowing in deep concentration. He reaches out a tentative hand, but hesitates before making contact. A sudden realization dawns on him, a revelation that chills him to the bone. This isn't some arcane artifact; it's a jamming device, a malicious tool specifically designed to disrupt communication signals and sever any connection to the outside world.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tracing the wires back to their source, Fred's heart plummets. The intricate design, the meticulous construction \endash  it all bears the unmistakable mark of Henry, the stoic upperclassman from the Automaton Engineering Faculty. Henry, always a prodigy with technology, but Fred never imagined his talents would be used for such a treacherous purpose.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A surge of anger flares within Fred, a white-hot fury fueled by betrayal. Henry, their comrade, had not only disobeyed orders but actively crippled their communication network. Now, they were isolated, stranded in the Black Hand's fortress with no way to call for help.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But there's no time for wallowing in self-pity. Fred steels his resolve, shoving aside the bitter sting of betrayal. He needs to act, and quickly, to find a way to bypass the jamming device and re-establish communication. With a newfound determination etched on his face, Fred strides out of the communication room, his mind already racing with a plan.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Unbeknownst to Fred, a lone figure cloaked in shadows observes the entire scene unfold. Henry stands at a distance, his monocular trained on the communication room. A flicker of unease crosses his features as he witnesses Fred's keen interest in the jamming device.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "There's something wrong," he mutters to himself, his voice barely a whisper. "They're onto me. I need to warn Christine and Geralt."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With a newfound sense of urgency, Henry scurries away from his vantage point, his mind racing to devise a way to alert Christine and Geralt of the impending discovery. The weight of his actions hangs heavy on him, the burden of his divided loyalties threatening to crush him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The tension in the air was a tangible thing, a viper poised to strike. Will and Walt stood locked in a silent standoff, the space between them thick with unspoken history and simmering betrayal. Will's heart hammered a frantic tattoo against his ribs, each beat a desperate plea for a solution. He couldn't let Walt breach the cellar doors, couldn't risk exposing Eddie and the escapees.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Walt," Will finally forced out, his voice a threadbare whisper against the oppressive silence. "Don't do this."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Walt's face, obscured by the shadows cast by his hood, remained unreadable. But the flicker of raw power that ignited in his eyes spoke volumes. "Move aside, Will," his voice a low growl. "This doesn't concern you."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will's spine stiffened. "It concerns everyone if you hurt them." Every fiber of his being screamed at him to run, to warn Eddie, but his feet remained rooted to the spot. He wouldn't abandon his friends, not now, not ever.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "They're not your friends, Will," Walt spat, his voice laced with a bitter venom. "They never were."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The words struck a raw nerve, and a surge of anger momentarily eclipsed Will's fear. "They're more my friends than you'll ever be, Walt," he retorted, his voice gaining strength with each syllable. "We may have been brothers once, but you chose this path. Now let me stand guard."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A humorless scoff escaped Walt's lips. "Guarding a nest of vipers, are we? How noble." He raised a hand, his fingers crackling with a malevolent energy. "Step aside, or I'll remove you myself."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will felt a surge of his own magic rise to meet the challenge. There would be no turning back now. With a battle cry that echoed through the corridor, he lunged forward, a torrent of raw power unleashed from his fingertips. But Walt was a formidable opponent, years spent honing his dark arts making him a swift and deadly adversary. His counter-spell slammed into Will's like a battering ram, the force of the impact sending him sprawling backwards.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The world spun as Will hit the ground with a sickening thud, the air knocked from his lungs. Pain lanced through him, a searing agony that threatened to consume him. He tasted blood, metallic and sharp, as he struggled to his knees. Through the haze of pain, he saw Walt advancing, his face a mask of cold fury. With a sickening crash, Will collided with the stairs leading down to the cellar, his world spinning as he struggled to regain his senses. Pain lanced through him as he fought to push himself upright, the sound of footsteps echoing in his ears.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A jolt of pain ripped through Will as he slammed into the unforgiving stone floor. The world tilted on its axis, his vision blurring at the edges. But just as despair threatened to consume him, he felt a pair of hands \endash  Ashley's \endash  steady him before he could hit his head.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Will!" Ashley's voice, a grounding force in the swirling chaos, filled his ears. "What happened? Are you hurt?" Her gaze darted to the spreading stain of crimson blooming on his cloak.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will blinked, trying to focus. Pain lanced through him with every ragged breath, but the urgency of the situation pushed it aside. "Walt\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 he's coming for you. You need to get out of here. Now!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He pushed himself upright, Ashley's hand a lifeline keeping him from collapsing again. As their eyes met, Eddie's frantic voice cut through the tension-filled air. He stood at the cellar entrance, his face etched with horror as he witnessed Walt's relentless approach.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A cold dread settled in Eddie's stomach as he saw the glint of dark magic crackling between Walt's fingers. The playful, easygoing classmate he once knew was a distant memory, replaced by this cold, ruthless stranger.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Walt," Eddie's voice cracked with a mixture of betrayal and disbelief. "You're a traitor. You've turned your back on everything you build up."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Walt let out a harsh scoff, his features twisted in a sneer. "Spare me the self-righteous sermons, Eddie. We're all pawns in this grand game, and the only way to survive is to play by the rules." His gaze swept over the terrified captives huddled in the cellar, their fear a tangible presence in the air.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, a symphony of frantic activity played out elsewhere. In the communication room, Fred's fingers danced across the control panel, his brow furrowed in intense concentration. A sigh of relief escaped his lips as the disrupted channels crackled back to life, reconnecting them to the outside world. But even with the lines open, he knew their fight was far from over. The news he had to deliver was grim, a heavy weight settling in his gut.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Outside the fortress walls, Christine, Geralt, and Henry shared a tense look. An invisible thread of worry connected them, a premonition of disaster hanging heavy in the air. The silence from within the fortress was deafening, broken only by the faint, chilling echo of battle. They knew, with a chilling certainty, that their friends were in dire need of help.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Steeling their nerves, Christine, Geralt, and Henry exchanged a silent nod. It was time. The rescue mission, fraught with danger and uncertainty, was a go. The fate of their friends, and perhaps the world itself, rested on their shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}}