{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The stale, late-afternoon air in Eddie Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room hung thick with the ghosts of summer boredom. It was a space that lived in a state of organized chaos, a testament to a mind that was simultaneously restless and lethargic. A precarious stack of graphic novels and alchemy textbooks leaned against one leg of his desk, threatening an avalanche with the next stray vibration. His desk itself was a landscape of forgotten coffee mugs, stray mechanical pencil parts, and a currently sleeping laptop. Posters of obscure indie bands and concept art from his favorite video games were plastered on the walls, peeking out from behind a constellation of hastily tacked-up alchemical charts and diagrams of transmutation circles he\u8217\'92d brought back from school. This was his sanctuary, his fort against the crushing stillness of his forested Ontario home, but lately, it felt more like a cage.}
\par\plain {Before Edenfield, this room was his command center. Hours would melt away as he conquered digital worlds, his fingers a blur across the keyboard. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lose himself in the bizarre rabbit holes of internet forums, debating everything from game lore to cryptid sightings. But now, that all felt\u8230\'85 hollow. A year at the Edenfield Institute for Alchemical Arts had rewired his brain. He\u8217\'92d touched magic, felt the crackle of potential in a freshly drawn transmutation circle, and witnessed the impossible become reality in the bustling, magically-infused city. Coming back here was like watching the world turn from vibrant color to monochrome.}
\par\plain {He couldn't even practice his craft. Professor Hemlock's warnings echoed in his mind, a stern lecture about the volatile nature of uncontrolled thaumaturgical energy. Performing alchemy outside of a warded, regulated environment like Edenfield was like playing with cosmic dynamite. The potential to warp space-time, to punch a hole into a reality you couldn't un-punch\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Eddie didn't know the exact implications, but he wasn\u8217\'92t stupid enough to screw around and find out. So, his worn leather satchel, filled with chalk sticks, powdered metals, and carefully stoppered vials, sat untouched under his bed, a silent taunt of the life he was missing.}
\par\plain {Sprawled on his unmade bed, Eddie let out a long, weary sigh. He was currently on his third re-read of his older brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entire }{\f0\fs24\i1 Saga of the Star-Serpent}{ comic collection. The epic space battles and alien intrigue that once captivated him now barely registered. He traced the faded ink of a starship exploding, his mind drifting back to the shimmering, ever-changing skyline of Edenfield.}
\par\plain {A sharp rap on his door jolted him from his stupor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Knock, knock, knock.}
\par\plain {"Eddie? Honey?" His mom\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice, warm and familiar, cut through the quiet. "There's a letter for you."}
\par\plain {Eddie pushed himself up on his elbows, a frown creasing his brow. "A letter? For me?" That was new. His mail usually consisted of pizza flyers and the occasional junk mail. "From who?"}
\par\plain {The door creaked open, and his mother, Mrs. Welton, peeked in, a kind smile on her face and a single, elegant envelope in her hand. The parchment was a creamy, heavy stock, nothing like the flimsy paper of a standard bill. "It's from a\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Madeleine," she said, her eyes squinting at the ornate, looping handwriting of the return address. She tilted the envelope towards the light. "Madeleine\u8230\'85 Day-dalia? Dae-da-lillia?" She stumbled over the syllables, pronouncing the unfamiliar name with a careful, questioning tone.}
\par\plain {Eddie sat bolt upright. "Madeleine Daedallia?"}
\par\plain {The name shot through the fog of his boredom like a lightning strike. }{\f0\fs24\i1 The}{ Madeleine Daedallia? A third-year, a brilliant student in the Herbology department with a reputation for being as kind as she was smart. He knew her from the handful of times he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d volunteered at the Edenfield Mythical Creature Sanctuary, a sprawling haven for everything from injured griffins to mischievous sprites, where she was a senior volunteer. They were friends, sure, but she was always so busy, juggling advanced studies, her work at the sanctuary, and her own social life. What in the world could she possibly want with him?}
\par\plain }