{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The storefront smelled of dried herbs and bitter roots\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 familiar, comforting. Glass jars lined the shelves, filled with twisted bark, gnarled mushrooms, and roots that looked more like ancient talons than medicine. The air hummed with the quiet warmth of the electric kettle boiling in the back, steam curling toward the ceiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie sat on a wooden stool, his body a patchwork of bruises. His left eye was swollen shut, purpling at the edges. His knuckles were split, his nose crusted with dried blood. His jacket hung off him, torn at the shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lianna moved around him with practiced efficiency, her hands steady as she dabbed a cotton pad soaked in pungent herbal tincture against his split lip. Eddie winced, but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t pull away.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Idiot,"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~she muttered in, her voice sharp but her touch gentle.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Fighting again. Like some street thug."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stayed silent. This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the first time he\u8217\'92d come home like this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When he was younger, the bruises were from\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 accidents}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 falling off his bike, tripping in the schoolyard. Then, as he got older, they came from other kids\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shoulder checks in the hallway, stolen lunches, the occasional shove into a locker.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then, last year, his father\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Charles\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had decided\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 enough}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d dragged Eddie to a martial arts class, gruffly telling him,\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "If you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re going to get hit, at least hit back."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lianna had called them both idiots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, as she pressed a cold compress to his swollen eye, she sighed.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "The school called. Again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie grunted.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Three boys,"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~she continued, switching to English, her tone clipped.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "One with a broken nose. One with a dislocated shoulder. And Jason Hargrove\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "He deserved it,"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Eddie muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lianna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers stilled. Then, with deliberate calm, she set down the cotton pad and folded her arms.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Did he?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked away. His mother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stare was worse than any punch.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Your father thought teaching you to fight would make you stronger,"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~she said.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "But all it did was make you angrier."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "They called you a Witch,"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Eddie shot back, his voice rough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lianna paused, then let out a sharp, dismissive breath.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Then let them!"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~She turned to face him fully, her dark eyes flashing.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Do you think I care what some teenagers say about me?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers curled into fists on his knees.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Well, I do."}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~The words came out quieter than he meant them to.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t mind if they make fun of me. But if it\u8217\'92s you\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 I\u8217\'92m not tolerating that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a moment, Lianna just looked at him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 really looked at him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as if seeing something in his battered face she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t noticed before. Then, without another word, she turned and walked to the shelf behind the counter, reaching for fresh gauze and a small ceramic jar of ointment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The silence that followed wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t heavy. It was the kind of quiet that settled between people who understood each other too well to need filling the space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie turned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His father stood in the doorway, still in his dockworker\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s high-vis vest, his cheeks ruddy from the cold. For a moment, his face was bright\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the usual tired-but-cheerful expression he wore after a long shift. Then his eyes landed on Eddie\u8217\'92s bruises, the split lip, the swollen eye.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Oh goodness gracious,"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Charles muttered, his smile vanishing. He crossed the shop in three long strides, dropping to a crouch in front of Eddie. His calloused hands hovered, as if afraid to touch.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Are you okay? What happened to you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie opened his mouth, but Lianna answered first.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "He got into a fight. Again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Charles exhaled through his nose, his brow furrowing.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "With who?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Jason Hargrove,"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Eddie muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Recognition flashed in Charles\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, followed by something darker.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "That little\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~He cut himself off, shaking his head.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Did you win?"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Charles!"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Lianna snapped.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "What? I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m just asking!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie almost smiled. That was Charles\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 practical to a fault. No scolding, no\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you-should-know-better}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Just\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 did you win?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Wasn't exactly a fair fight,"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~Eddie admitted.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Five against one. But they ran off in the end, so... call it a draw."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Charles opened his mouth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 probably to praise him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but Lianna's sharp glare cut him off. Instead, he cleared his throat and adopted a more fatherly tone.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Look, Eddie, I get it. But you can't keep solving things with your fists. Anger management, yeah? You're smarter than this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lianna exhaled loudly, rubbing her temples.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "I give up. You two are impossible."}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~She turned and disappeared into the back of the house, the door swinging shut behind her with a decisive click.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The shop fell silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Charles waited a beat, then jerked his head toward the front door.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 "Come on. Walk with me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie knew a lecture was coming. But Charles had never been the judgmental type\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just blunt, honest. So he followed.}}