{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Four years had passed since that Incident.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Four long years of self-exile, self-discovery, and self-loathing for a boy called Edward Welton.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s briefly not talk about him, shall we?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For when everything ended for him four years ago, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It began for someone.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In a distant kingdom of Edenfield, in the deep northernmost island of its reach called Weshaven, in an apothecary that is made from a repurposed lighthouse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A girl stood before a tall mirror, adjusting the brim of her pointed black hat. Her long, silky brown hair swayed in twin tails as she tilted her head, inspecting her reflection with wide, eager eyes behind oversized round glasses. A yellow knit sweater peeked out from beneath the freshly pressed folds of a long black robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She adjusted the brim one last time, tugged on her robe again, and looked back at the mirror.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She grinned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her heart swelled with excitement, her fingers tracing the embroidered crest on her robe. Today was the first step toward something wonderful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A voice carried through the house, breaking her reverie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Torrie! Breakfast is ready! Come to the dining room!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She spun away from the mirror, bouncing her way out of her room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Mom!\u8221\'94 she called back, already rushing toward the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie stepped into the dining room, the scent of fish soup filling the air, rich and comforting.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sunlight streamed through the white silky curtain above the sink, glinting off the wooden table where two steaming bowls sat waiting. Her mother, stood by the counter, wiping her hands on a cloth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at you, beginning your first years in Aella Academy.\u8221\'94 Mrs. Welton smiled, lingering by the table, her eyes soft with nostalgia. "Let me see you properly," she said, stepping closer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie straightened, smoothing the folds of her robe. "Like this?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a playful grin, Torrie twirled in place, the hem of her robe flaring out as she spun. She came to a stop with a little flourish, looking up at her mother expectantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You remind me so much of your brother," Mrs. Welton mused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do I?\u8221\'94 Torrie looked up, curious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Not exactly, but you both are very excited. On his first day at Aella Academy," her mother continued, "He was so eager, he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even bother with breakfast. Just grabbed his things and took off on his bicycle straight to the harbor. Couldn\u8217\'92t wait to board the ferry to Osthaven."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie chuckled, stirring her soup. "Didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t expect him to be that excited."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~"Oh, but he was," she said warmly. "Speaking of your brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Where is he? Didn\u8217\'92t he say he\u8217\'92d be the one to take you himself?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie shrugged. "Haven\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seen him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton exhaled, rubbing her temple. "Of course." She stood, pushing her chair back with a sigh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then she cupped her hands around her mouth and called up the stairs. "Edward?!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton huffed. "You stay here, hon. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll go see if he\u8217\'92s still in his room."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned and strode toward the staircase, muttering under her breath. Torrie just smiled, spooning up a mouthful of soup as she waited.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}