{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Torrie sat cross-legged on the living room floor, arranging her dolls in a perfect little row. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d given each one a name and decided they\u8217\'92d be attending a royal tea party, except half weren\u8217\'92t appropriately dressed yet.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Torrie, breakfast is almost ready,\u8221\'94 her mother called from the kitchen. \u8220\'93Could you wake your brother?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie sighed, setting her favourite doll down reluctantly. She padded down the hallway. The soft creak of the stairs blended into the gentle quiet of the apothecary. Torrie ascended with quick steps, the narrow wooden staircase winding gracefully toward the attic. The polished railings were smooth beneath her fingers, a familiar comfort. Golden beams of light streamed through a small, round window at the landing. It casts warm patterns that danced across the walls as she moved.}
\par\plain {With every step, the bustling hum of the town below grew softer. Replaced by the calm stillness that seemed to embrace her brother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room. Her free hand brushed fondly against the walls as she climbed. Her fingertips traced the worn patches and faint scuffs. Silent reminders of her brother\u8217\'92s younger, carefree days. When the house often rang with his laughter and playful mischief.}
\par\plain {At the top of the stairs, she paused before the attic door. The wood was solid yet softened by years of quiet conversations and shared moments. Torrie closed her eyes for a brief, steadying breath, a gentle smile tugging at her lips as she raised her hand.}
\par\plain {She knocked on the door, the sound soft and familiar, a tender rhythm that seemed to whisper of care, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie! Breakfast!\u8221\'94 she shouted, her voice slipping into a singsong tone as she leaned her ear against the door. Silence.}
\par\plain {After a pause, Torrie set her jaw and gave one last, insistent knock, her patience thinning. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie, if you\u8217\'92re in there and ignoring me, I\u8217\'92m telling Mum!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go away, Torrie.\u8220\'93 a faint mumbling voice could be heard behind the door}
\par\plain {Her eyes narrowed, her frustration growing. Of course, Eddie was in there. Probably still sulking from the exam or pretending to sleep through breakfast. Torrie had no time for this. She had a world of dolls to organise, and Eddie was completely uncooperative.}
\par\plain {She reached into her skirt\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pocket, fingers brushing against her new wand. A small, polished piece of wood\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 still unfamiliar to her grasp but powerful enough to get the job done. With a quick flick and a murmur of the unlocking incantation her mother had taught her, she felt the familiar tingle of magic work through her fingertips. The door handle clicked open.}
\par\plain {Torrie grinned, pushing the door just enough to slip inside.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Finally,\u8220\'93 she muttered to herself.}
\par\plain {But as the door creaked open, she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but feel a twinge of excitement. This was her first time using her wand on her own\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 unlocking her brother\u8217\'92s door was, in a way, a minor triumph.}
\par\plain {Torrie slipped inside and wrinkled her nose at the overwhelming mix of smells. Burnt metal, and a strange smokiness that made her eyes water a bit. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s room was a disaster zone. Rune papers lay scattered across the floor. Some with hastily drawn symbols, others crumpled up as if they\u8217\'92d been tossed in frustration. Books lay open, half-buried under empty potion vials. The small burner was still glowing from the last experiment he must have conducted.}
\par\plain {And there, in the middle of this alchemical chaos, was Eddie. Sprawled out on his back. An arm covering his eyes, surrounded by scrolls. Like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just collapsed and decided the mess of his bed was good enough for a nap. Torrie tiptoed over and gave him a slight nudge with her hands.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie,\u8220\'93 she whispered sharply. \u8220\'93Mum says breakfast is ready.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {No response. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even flinch.}
\par\plain {She nudged him harder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie, you\u8217\'92re going to miss breakfast!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Still nothing. He looked completely wiped out. She could see faint circles under his eyes, hinting at his exhaustion. It was clear he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d probably worked himself to the bone over the last few weeks. With little sleep and barely any time at home. But that didn\u8217\'92t make her any less annoyed.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ugh, come on, Eddie!\u8220\'93 she huffed, folding her arms, and gave him one last, resolute shove.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get off, Torrie, leave me alone.\u8220\'93 He mumbled, shifting his direction to face the walls. He continues on lay there. Oblivious, dead to the world, still lost in the heavy sleep of someone who\u8217\'92d pushed himself too far.}
\par\plain {Torrie scowled, crossing her arms. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine! Be that way,\u8220\'93 she muttered, half to herself. But, as she looked around at the scattered rune papers and potion bottles. An idea began to form\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mischievous little grin creeping across her face.}
\par\plain {Torrie grabbed a half-full glass of water from Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cluttered desk. Her mischievous grin widened as she tiptoed back over to his sleeping form. She hesitated for a split second, then quickly dumped the cold water onto his face.}
\par\plain {Eddie jolted up, sputtering. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Torrie\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93 He wiped his face, blinking at her in shock. \u8220\'93You could\u8217\'92ve just woken me up normally, couldn\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie shrugged, looking entirely too pleased with herself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did, but you wouldn\u8217\'92t budge. I knocked, called your name, everything!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He groaned, glancing at the damp floor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t have to soak me to get me up.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it worked, didn\u8217\'92t it?\u8220\'93 she replied with a cheeky smile. \u8220\'93Mom said to eat breakfast,\u8220\'93 she added as she backed out of his room, turning to leave with a triumphant grin.}
\par\plain {Eddie watched her disappear down the hall, shaking his head. Typical Torrie\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 always finding the most \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93creative\u8220\'93 ways to get her way.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie poked at his omelette absentmindedly. Glancing now and then at Torrie, who was happily munching on her fish and mashed potatoes. Mrs Welton noticed her son\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s half-hearted bites and gave him a gentle nudge.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, how did it go?\u8220\'93 she asked, concern woven into her tone. \u8220\'93Your time with Catherine, the exam\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie sighed, leaning back in his chair. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mentorship was... rough. Catherine went all out on me like it was life or death,\u8220\'93 he replied, a faint smile flickering. \u8220\'93Guess I should\u8217\'92ve expected that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs Welton chuckled knowingly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds just like her. Catherine\u8217\'92s never been one to ease anyone into anything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 especially her students. She was like that when she taught me magic, too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie perked up, pausing mid-bite. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, Catherine taught you too, Mom? But\u8230\'85 how?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs Welton turned to Torrie, smiling as if she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d long waited for that question. \u8220\'93Well, Elves age differently, Torrie. Sure, they go through childhood, but at some point, they just... stop aging. Catherine looked just like she did now when I was a little girl, studying magic myself. And to this day, she still treats me like her younger sister, even if it seems the opposite now.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Doesn\u8217\'92t that get confusing?\u8220\'93 Torrie asked, eyes wide.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A little.\u8220\'93 Mrs Welton laughed, giving Eddie a knowing look. \u8220\'93But Catherine\u8217\'92s heart is always in the right place. Her standards are just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 well, impossibly high. It\u8217\'92s hard to be one of her students. But she teaches with the same passion she learned with\u8230\'85 And how about the examination, Eddie? did you do well?\u8220\'93 Mrs Welton asked.}
\par\plain {Eddie froze mid-motion, his fork hovering above his plate. He let out a slow breath, his shoulders slumping slightly as he searched for the right words. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well\u8230\'85 not a single bit of what Catherine taught me came up,\u8220\'93 he admitted. Shaking his head with lingering disbelief. \u8220\'93And the worst part? What I thought was the university entrance exam\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it wasn\u8217\'92t. Turns out it was an Intermediate Proficiency test.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A proficiency test huh?\u8220\'93 Mrs Welton echoed, setting down her own fork, interest sparking in her gaze.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8220\'93 Eddie grumbled, leaning back in his chair. \u8220\'93The agent called Emma Somers set it up, apparently. It was }{\f0\fs24\i1 way}{ beyond what I was prepared for. Like someone wanted me to stumble right out of the gate.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {To Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s surprise, his mother didn\u8217\'92t look shocked. In fact, the corners of her mouth tugged into an amused, knowing smile. A soft chuckle escaped her lips, and Eddie\u8217\'92s eyebrows furrowed in confusion.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8220\'93 Eddie asked warily.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Edward,\u8220\'93 Mrs Welton said. Her voice carries a mix of fondness and exasperation, \u8220\'93Would it surprise you to know that sounds }{\f0\fs24\i1 exactly}{ like Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s handiwork?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked, surprised. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? Catherine? What are you talking about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs Welton leaned forward slightly. Her expression teasing, but her words were steady, as though revealing an old secret. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine\u8217\'92s always been the sort to challenge her students, not by giving them answers, but by throwing them into the deep end and watching them swim. She doesn\u8217\'92t care about whether you\u8217\'92re comfortable. She cares about whether you\u8217\'92re }{\f0\fs24\i1 capable}{.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie frowned, the pieces slowly clicking together. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean\u8230\'85\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think about it,\u8220\'93 Mrs Welton continued, her eyes alight with the same glimmer Eddie had seen in Catherine\u8217\'92s. \u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92d been given a normal university entrance exam, you\u8217\'92d have known exactly what to expect. But Catherine? Oh, she\u8217\'92d never let you take the straightforward route. She probably saw the spark in you and whispered a few words to that agent, Mrs Somers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie sat straighter, his fork forgotten on his plate. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think she did this on purpose?\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 I know.}{ I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been with her for seventeen years to consider her my sister.\u8220\'93 Mrs Welton said firmly. \u8220\'93Catherine doesn\u8217\'92t just teach students. She tests them in ways they don\u8217\'92t see coming. She pushes them to places where they have to think beyond the books, beyond what\u8217\'92s familiar. It\u8217\'92s her way of discovering what someone\u8217\'92s really made of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie stared at his mother. The frustration he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d felt earlier gave way to something new. Something between awe and indignation. \u8220\'93So\u8230\'85 she was trying to get me to do something impossible?\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Or rather,\u8220\'93 Mrs Welton said, \u8220\'93She challenged you to think beyond the obvious.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded, lost in thought, as he slowly chewed his food. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She is indeed one wicked elf.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs Welton chuckled again, clearly pleased by Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response. \u8220\'93She is indeed. But that\u8217\'92s what makes her such an excellent teacher. She doesn\u8217\'92t let you settle for the easy way out. So, how\u8217\'92d it go? Did you do well?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His mouth felt dry as he fiddled with his fork, barely noticing that the rest of his breakfast had gone cold. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, Mom,\u8220\'93 he muttered, looking down at his plate. \u8220\'93Maybe I went too far. I mean, I did give them that scroll instead of anything physical. And then when the examinee asked me, I\u8230\'85 I got too cocky. I should\u8217\'92ve just kept my head down. What if they think I\u8217\'92m arrogant? What if they fail me because of that?\u8220\'93 His voice was distressed as he overanalyzed his every word and action from yesterday\u8217\'92s exam. \u8220\'93Maybe I messed up with how I responded to them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie, who had been poking at her mashed potatoes, looked up with a mischievous grin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe you should learn to be a little more humble next time, Eddie,\u8220\'93 she teased, her voice playful.}
\par\plain {Eddie shot her an incredulous look, his brow furrowing as his tone grew defensive. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? It\u8217\'92s not like they didn\u8217\'92t challenge me first,\u8220\'93 he said, his voice rising with a slight hint of annoyance. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to sit there and pretend to fail just to make them happy. If they want me to act all meek and proper, they should\u8217\'92ve just gone to Aella Academy!.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs Welton chuckled softly, a knowing smile curling at the corners of her mouth. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, Eddie, always so ready to argue.\u8220\'93 She turned her gaze to Torrie, now snickering quietly at her older brother\u8217\'92s reaction. \u8220\'93You do know he gets that from you, right?\u8220\'93 she added to her younger daughter with a wink.}
\par\plain {Clearly enjoying Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s exasperation, Torrie just laughed and shook her head. \u8220\'93Maybe, but you should\u8217\'92ve seen how worked up he got over something as small as a comment. He looked like he was about to set the place on fire.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I\u8217\'92m not }{\f0\fs24\i1 that}{ bad,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 Eddie grumbled, but his tone lacked the usual sharpness as he slouched back in his chair. The familiar banter between him and his family eased some of his nervousness.}
\par\plain {As Eddie sat back, his thoughts drifted once again to the exam\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 that}{ exam, the one where nothing had gone as planned. His memories were a tangled mess of scrawled diagrams, smudged transmutations, and that sinking feeling of failure that had followed him out of the examination hall.}
\par\plain {He barely registered the sound of footsteps until his father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s steady voice broke through. \u8220\'93Eddie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie looked up, startled. Mr Welton stepped into the kitchen, holding an envelope between his fingers. The man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s patient smile was faint but unmistakable. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got a letter. It\u8217\'92s from Edenfield.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The words hit Eddie like a thunderclap. His first instinct was disbelief, an immediate rejection of what he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just heard. }{\f0\fs24\i1 From Edenfield?}{ No. That wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t possible. It couldn\u8217\'92t be.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8220\'93 The word slipped out of his mouth, half-breathless, almost hollow. His eyes narrowed as if trying to catch some trick in his father\u8217\'92s expression. \u8220\'93I beg your pardon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mr. Welton extended the envelope. The cream-coloured paper caught the light, its corners pristine and sharp. And there, stamped in dark ink, was the Owl Emblem of Sage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Academy and the Laurel Wreath of Edenfield University.}
\par\plain {Eddie froze. His heart seemed to stop for a long, impossible moment before it lurched back to life, pounding hard in his chest. That emblem\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the same one that had hovered in his dreams like some untouchable star\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was staring him in the face.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8220\'93 Eddie said quietly, shaking his head. He couldn\u8217\'92t look away from it, even as his thoughts swirled, each loud and clashing. \u8220\'93No, that can\u8217\'92t be right.\u8220\'93 He almost laughed, though it came out strained. \u8220\'93I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I messed up. The exam was }{\f0\fs24\i1 awful.}{ I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The words tangled in his throat. His father said nothing, only holding the letter out with quiet patience, his expression soft but unreadable.}
\par\plain {Eddie swallowed hard, his mouth suddenly dry. For a second, he half-expected the envelope to disappear, for it all to be a cruel trick his mind was playing. Slowly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hesitantly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he reached out, his hand hovering just a moment before his fingers brushed the paper. It was real.}
\par\plain {The silence in the room deepened, pressing around him, his pulse thundering in his ears. Eddie pulled the envelope closer, staring at his name scrawled in elegant ink across the front. His name. His address. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s as though someone out there }{\f0\fs24\i1 actually}{ believed he belonged in Edenfield.}
\par\plain {His throat tightened. Disbelief still warring with the tiny, trembling spark of hope flaring in his chest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 really from Edenfield?\u8220\'93 he whispered, more to himself than anyone else.}
\par\plain {Torrie looked over from across the table, her eyes wide with anticipation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on, Eddie, open it!\u8220\'93 she urged, a little too excitedly.}
\par\plain {But Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand hovered over the envelope, hesitating. \u8220\'93What if it\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 what if it\u8217\'92s a rejection?\u8220\'93 he muttered, almost to himself. He could already imagine the polite phrasing. The cold dismissal of his efforts and the distant words wished him \u8220\'93Good luck next time.\u8220\'93 He could hear Master Alchemist Magnus Borman\u8217\'92s voice telling him he\u8217\'92d failed. His stomach twisted at the thought, and he felt an uncomfortable lump in his throat.}
\par\plain {Mrs Welton reached over, placing a comforting hand on his shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever it says, Eddie, you\u8217\'92ve come this far,\u8220\'93 she whispered, her voice reassuring. \u8220\'93No letter can take that from you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie took a deep breath, his fingers finally closing around the envelope as he held it up. The official seals gleamed under the light, adding to the moment\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s weight. He glanced at his family, who were all watching him with encouragement and curiosity, and, with one last steadying breath, he slowly tore it open.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers trembled as he carefully slid the delicate letter out of the envelope. The paper felt expensive and sturdy, and he noticed the intricate Elven embroidery along the edges. A shining Solivian pattern, as delicate as spider silk, printed in a glossy silver ink. He ran his fingers over the embossed texture, marvelling at its craftsmanship. This was no ordinary letter; it was a message from Edenfield, crafted with the utmost care.}
\par\plain {Written in elegant cursive with even strokes, the text must have come from one of Isgardia\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s renowned writing automatons. Eddie held his breath, his eyes scanning the first few lines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93To Edward Welton of Weshaven,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 In recognition of your application and recent performance during the assessment, we, the Faculty of Alchemy, hereby acknowledge the diligence and effort displayed. It has been noted that while your general knowledge of magic remains somewhat outdated, your performance in the field of alchemical theory has been nothing short of extraordinary. We were especially impressed by your depth of understanding in hypothetical transmutation and the innovative approach you applied to solve the impossible.}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93_}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulse quickened. He couldn\u8217\'92t quite read the tone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 were they impressed enough to overlook his weaknesses? Torrie leaned over his shoulder, eyes wide as she followed the text.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We recognise the unconventional nature of your submission and the courage it took to present an idea rather than a product, an exploration rather than a final result. This approach, though unorthodox, has shown a promising insight into the true nature of alchemical study, a quality highly valued within the hallowed halls of Edenfield University.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart was pounding. His throat felt dry as he read further. Still unsure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 were they acknowledging his potential or merely giving him polite recognition before a formal rejection?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thus, the council of Faculty of Alchemy has reached a decision\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie paused, the words lingering in his mind like the cliff edge of a steep precipice. He could feel his mother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze on him. Her encouragement was silent but palpable while Torrie held her breath beside him, barely containing her own anticipation.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes raced down the final lines of the letter. His breath hitched in his throat as the words finally came into complete focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That, despite the unconventional nature of your submission, your efforts have not gone unnoticed. Your knowledge of alchemy proves extraordinary, and it is with great pleasure that we announce your acceptance into Edenfield University of Applied Magical Knowledge.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind buzzed, but the following sentence hit him like a thunderclap.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Faculty of Alchemy welcomes you with open arms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He stared at the signature beneath it, his gaze moving over the elegant cursive once, twice, to make sure it was real.}
\par\plain {At the bottom of the letter were two names\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one in flowing script, the other bold and authoritative:}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 Aelfric of Glyndorith}{\f0\fs24\i1 , Wizard, Chancellor of Edenfield University}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 Magnus Borman}{\f0\fs24\i1 , Master Alchemist, Head of Faculty of Alchemy, Edenfield University}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {It was real. Eddie could hardly believe it. He was staring at his future in that letter. Proof that everything he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d worked for, the countless sleepless nights, the gruelling test\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had led to this moment.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, and it felt like time had stopped for a moment. He looked up at his mother, father, and then at Torrie, all equally stunned yet hopeful in how they stared at him.}
\par\plain {For a moment, Eddie said nothing. He could feel his pulse thundering in his ears, the air suddenly too thick to breathe. Then, his mouth dry, he managed to stammer out,}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m in.\u8220\'93 His voice cracked, and he repeated it, louder this time, though still unsure if he fully believed it. \u8220\'93I got accepted to Edenfield.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The room seemed to hold its breath before erupting. Mrs. Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face softened into an expression of pride. Torrie, barely able to contain her excitement, jumped out of her seat and flung her arms around her older brother.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You did it, Eddie! You really did it!\u8220\'93 Torrie\u8217\'92s voice was filled with disbelief and joy. Eddie could hardly hold back a grin as he hugged her back, feeling the weight of the past weeks of stress finally lift.}
\par\plain {Mr Welton, his stern face breaking into a rare smile, clapped his hands together. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I knew you had it in you, Eddie. Well done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes twinkled with pride. \u8220\'93Edenfield... This is just the beginning for you, my boy. You\u8217\'92ve made us proud.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie sat there, the letter still in his hands, unable to take it all in. It felt surreal, like some dream he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dared to hope for. He was going to Edenfield\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he would become part of something bigger, something that would change everything.}
\par\plain {Eddie allowed himself to relax for the first time in days, the overwhelming anxiety and uncertainty giving way to something else entirely: hope. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain {Eddie sat on the edge of his bed, the warm glow of his bedside lamp casting a gentle light over his room. Outside, rain drummed softly against the window. Filling the night with a steady, soothing rhythm. He held the now-crinkled envelope from Edenfield University. Still in disbelief that its contents had changed his life just one morning.}
\par\plain {His fingers brushed against a hidden weight as he turned the envelope over. Curious, he returned to the envelope and pulled out a second, more personal-looking letter. His brows knitted together as he carefully unfolded it. Recognising the neat script of Emma Somers.}
\par\plain {He read quietly, the room settling into a hushed stillness as her words sank in:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Dear Edward,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 First and foremost, congratulations on your acceptance to Edenfield University. You have earned it through merit, hard work, and courage. I am writing to tell you how genuinely pleased I am for you and to provide details for your departure to Edenfield next month. I hope you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re as ready for this journey as I know you will be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 I owe you an apology for the last few weeks. You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve no doubt sensed my hesitation\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 my doubt, even. Know that it was never personal, only the weight of the expectations placed upon this institution. Yet you exceeded every challenge put before you, and I can confidently say you belong in Edenfield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 You will be assigned a place in the Sage\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Institute dormitory. A modest allowance will be provided to support you as you settle}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 I wish you all the best in what\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s to come, and may this journey be everything you hope for. I believe you\u8217\'92ll find your way to greatness in the path that lies ahead._}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 With warm regards,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i1 Emma Somers}{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {Eddie stared at the letter, a quiet pride settling as he read her words. He could feel a renewed determination stirring within him. This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just a new beginning but an acknowledgement of his efforts and worth. Her words held a weight he hadn\u8217\'92t expected, and for a moment, the self-doubt that had haunted him seemed to fade.}
\par\plain {Eddie lay back on his bed, staring at the ceiling as memories washed over him. Each was like a page-turning in a story he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d only begun to understand. He thought of the long days spent poring over books with Catherine. The whispered doubts that had crept into his mind as he\u8217\'92d struggled to understand alchemical principles. The seemingly endless nights when he\u8217\'92d questioned if magic was even his path to follow. How many times had he stared into his potions and incantations? Feeling that, somehow, magic itself was just beyond his reach?}
\par\plain {He could remember moments of frustration. Those days when the spells didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, when his concoctions fizzled, when he felt like he was forcing something that didn\u8217\'92t belong to him. And yet, he could remember the joy when things did click. When he created something marvellous, even if small. But until today, he\u8217\'92d always wondered whether he deserved any of it.}
\par\plain {Reading Emma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s letter, he felt a new sense of validation. Her faith in him felt like more than just an endorsement for Edenfield. It was the first solid proof that others saw in him what he\u8217\'92d so often struggled to see in himself. For the first time, he felt the quiet weight of the responsibility that came with magic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not a burden, but a privilege he had earned.}
\par\plain {Closing Emma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s letter, Eddie took a deep breath, letting a feeling of calm settle over him. The journey ahead was daunting, yes, but he was also ready for it. Edenfield would be another chapter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a chance to discover the magic in the world and the strength within himself. He\u8217\'92d earned his place, and for the first time, he truly believed it.}
\par\plain {The rain continued its soft murmur outside, and as Eddie drifted into sleep, a sense of peace filled him, as though all his past struggles had prepared him for the journey ahead. }
\par\plain }