{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The room was quiet, save for the soft rustling of the bed sheets as Catherine shifted in her sleep. She was sprawled across Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bottom bunk, her bright red coat tucked haphazardly under her, and her head nestled against the pillow as if she belonged there. The hum of the dormitory outside didn\u8217\'92t faze her, despite the oddity of the situation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an Elf, the Master Alchemist, and most importantly, Eddie\u8217\'92s aunt, napping in their cramped dorm room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley stood in the doorway, staring at Catherine with her arms crossed, blinking in disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94 she said, her voice laced with a mixture of amusement and frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will, who was leaning against the opposite wall, let out a low whistle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did she really just want a free place to sleep?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 Eddie sighed, sitting on the edge of his bed, rubbing his face. \u8220\'93That is very Catherine of her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley looked at him with a smirk. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t see that coming?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should\u8217\'92ve,\u8221\'94 Eddie muttered. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s been around long enough to know how to work people... but I guess this is a new level.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As the two of them exchanged amused glances, the door to their dorm room creaked open, and in stepped Jake and Jane, two of Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s more curious classmates. They froze mid-step when they saw Catherine still snoring away on the bottom bunk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93HOLY SHIT, is that an elf? A real elf?\u8221\'94 Jane exclaimed, eyes wide with disbelief. She tiptoed closer to get a better look, her mouth hanging open. \u8220\'93You sure her ears aren\u8217\'92t just a costume or something?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jake, who was standing behind her, elbowed her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dude, that\u8217\'92s definitely an elf. You can\u8217\'92t fake pointy ears like that!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before Jane could argue further, Henry, another dorm mate, appeared in the doorway, rolling his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, for the love of the gods, will you two keep it down?\u8221\'94 He crossed his arms and looked at Jake and Jane with an exasperated sigh. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re embarrassing yourselves. Go bother someone else.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Jake and Jane turned around sheepishly, glancing back at Catherine one last time. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve gotta admit, this is wild,\u8221\'94 Jake muttered as they backed out of the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry stepped forward, now clearly intent on a more serious matter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Anyway, Eddie,\u8221\'94 he said, nodding toward the trio, \u8220\'93I need to talk to you, Will, and Ashley. Important stuff. Can we have a word?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will gave Henry a curious look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, what\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry glanced at Catherine briefly before rolling his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe not in front of the elf.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked over at Catherine, still snoozing peacefully, blissfully unaware of the circus she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d caused. He sighed. \u8220\'93No point in waking her up. She\u8217\'92s not going anywhere.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley chuckled softly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s funny, isn\u8217\'92t it? The most powerful alchemist in the world, and all she wanted was a nap and a free bed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 Eddie began, his lips curling into a half-smile, \u8220\'93I guess that's Catherine for you. Always knows how to get what she wants, even if it\u8217\'92s just... peace and quiet for a change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will shook his head, the humor of the situation finally sinking in. "She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s definitely a piece of work. What kind of Master Alchemist needs a nap in a college dorm?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie glanced at his bunkmate, who was still deep in her slumber, a soft snore escaping her. "You really want to know?" He grinned. "The kind who just blew all her money on something completely impractical and now needs a place to crash."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face lit up in sudden realization, and she laughed. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s broke, isn\u8217\'92t she?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s... incredibly resourceful,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, throwing a glance at Catherine as if to make sure she wouldn\u8217\'92t suddenly wake up and punch him for revealing her secret. \u8220\'93But yeah, I guess if you ask Catherine what she wants... it\u8217\'92s probably a bed, food, and a place where she can steal some quiet time without being chased by angry royalty or criminals.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Henry and the others looked on, Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but chuckle at the absurdity of it all. \u8220\'93I swear, I never saw that one coming. But maybe we can be the ones who make sure she gets her sleep. It\u8217\'92s the least we can do for a family member who\u8217\'92s literally saving our lives.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And as Catherine continued to sleep, the mystery of her request\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mysterious favor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 seemed far less menacing. In that moment, Eddie realized something: Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s true price was something as simple and relatable as a little comfort after an untold number of years spent doing everything but resting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But that, Eddie thought, was just the way she liked it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dorm\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dining room was dimly lit, a few oil lamps flickering as the storm outside continued to rage. Henry leaned casually against the counter in the small kitchen nook, his arms crossed, his face a mix of curiosity and concern. Across from him, Eddie, Will, and Ashley shifted uncomfortably in their seats, their expressions grim. Eddie\u8217\'92s clothes were still damp, the occasional drip hitting the floor beneath him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 Henry began, his gaze narrowing, \u8220\'93What in the gods\u8217\'92 names is going on? I mean, it\u8217\'92s not every day you see an elf\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 elf}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 crashing in Room 3 like it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the most normal thing in the world.\u8221\'94 His voice carried an edge of disbelief. \u8220\'93I thought they only existed in fairy tales and those old religious books back home. What\u8217\'92s happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands gripped the edge of the table, his knuckles white. He opened his mouth to speak but hesitated, his jaw tightening. The words seemed stuck in his throat, and his gaze dropped to the wooden grain of the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sensing Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s discomfort, Ashley stepped in. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s start with the elf,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone composed, though the faintest trace of a smirk played on her lips. \u8220\'93Her name\u8217\'92s Catherine. She\u8217\'92s Eddie\u8217\'92s old friend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry arched an eyebrow, his intrigue deepening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His\u8230\'85 friend?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie finally looked up, forcing a weak smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. My mom and Catherine have been close since they were kids. My mom used to call her \u8216\'91her sister from another lifetime.\u8217\'92 Catherine\u8217\'92s always been around, visiting from time to time.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Something in Henry's posture softened. He exhaled through his nose. "Alright. So your maybe-aunt is an elf. Fine. But that doesn't explain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " He gestured at Eddie's singed sleeves, Ashley's white-knuckled grip on her staff, the way Will kept flexing his left hand like the fingers still tingled from discharged magic. "What the hell happened tonight?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The silence that followed was broken only by the rain hammering the windows. Eddie stared at the water pooling around his boots. One drop. Two. Three.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then Ashley said quietly, "They took Madeleine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Henry's body reacted before his face did\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his shoulders locking, fists clenching so tight the tendons stood out like bowstrings. For a heartbeat, Eddie thought he might actually drive his fist through the wall. But when Henry spoke, his voice was terrifyingly calm. "Alright." A muscle twitched in his jaw. "Who is it? We can go after him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie watched a droplet fall from his sleeve and splatter on the floorboards. "It's not just one person..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "A group of folks?" Henry's boot tapped an uneven rhythm against the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Will's chair creaked as he leaned forward. "No. It's an organization." He met Henry's gaze squarely. "Called the Black Hand."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The name hit like a thunderclap. Henry's control shattered\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he spun away, kicking a chair across the room. It slammed into the pantry door with a crack that echoed through the dorm.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Henry's control shattered\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he spun away, unleashing a guttural, bilabial curse that sounded from deep in his throat. The Alamirian dialect rolled harshly off his tongue as he curses.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 "}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Fucking hell!}{\f0\fs24\b0 " He braced both hands on the counter, head bowed. When he turned back, his eyes were wild. "Do you even know what you're dealing with?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ashley's staff clattered to the floor. Will went very still. Even the storm seemed to hold its breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie stood slowly, water still dripping from his clothes. "We know enough." His voice was quiet, but it carried. "And we're going after her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Henry drew a long breath through his nose, visibly wrestling his anger back under control. When he turned to Ashley, his movements were deliberate - the careful composure of someone clinging to rationality. "Ash," he said, voice strained but steady, "You're with the Campus Watch. Tell me you've heard something about this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ashley's fingers tightened around her staff. The lamplight caught the worry lines around her eyes as she spoke. "We have gotten reports about... disappearances. We helped print posters to be plastered across the city." She swallowed hard. "Some were wearing university cloaks in their photos."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The revelation hung heavy in the air. Henry's shoulders slumped as years of half-noticed patterns suddenly clicked into place. "I always thought..." He ran a hand through his hair, dislodging droplets of rainwater. "The rumors about stressed alchemy students dropping out, vanishing after exams... Gods, we joked about it in the dorms."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Will's chair scraped as he leaned forward. "Turns out the real joke's on us, huh?" His attempt at humor fell flat, the usual twinkle in his eyes replaced by something harder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Henry's gaze drifted to the storm-lashed window, his reflection fractured in the rain-streaked glass. "How long has this been happening?" The question seemed to echo in the cramped dining room, bouncing off the peeling wallpaper and worn floorboards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ashley's voice dropped to a whisper. "Longer than any of us realized. The Watch has files dating back five years, but-"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "But no one connected the dots," Eddie finished bitterly. His damp sleeve left a dark streak as he wiped condensation from the windowpane, revealing the blurred lights of the university through the downpour. "Not until they took someone we cared about."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The rain-streaked window reflected their exhausted faces as silence settled over the group. Eddie's breath fogged the glass where he'd wiped it clean, the university lights beyond blurring into golden smears like alchemical symbols half-remembered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Will broke the quiet first, his usual bravado dulled by fatigue. "What do we do now?" His fingers tapped an uneven rhythm against his thigh - the same restless tempo Henry's boot had made earlier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Henry exhaled through his nose, the sound heavy with the weight of responsibility. "We wait till morning." He rubbed the bridge of his nose where his glasses usually sat. "I'll contact the Faculty Council at first light. Someone there must..." His voice trailed off, the unspoken 'must know something' hanging between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ashley nodded, her activist instincts surfacing through the weariness. "I'll talk to Campus Watch too." She worried her lower lip. "They've been tracking disappearances longer than anyone. There might be patterns we're missing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie remained silent, his palm pressed against the cold glass. Somewhere out there in the storm, Madeleine was being taken further away with each passing second. The thought made his stomach churn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Will's chair creaked as he leaned forward. "And if they don't know anything? If they won't help?" The question none of them wanted to voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The oil lamps guttered, stretching their shadows across the walls like grasping hands. Henry met Will's gaze squarely. "Then we do it anyway."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A silent understanding passed between them - the kind forged in dorm rooms and midnight study sessions, now tempered by something darker. They would sleep tonight, but come morning, they would step into shadows deeper than any of them had imagined.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ashley reached out, squeezing Eddie's shoulder. "We'll find her." The certainty in her voice almost made it believable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie finally turned from the window, his eyes reflecting the lamplight like twin flames. "Yeah." It wasn't agreement so much as a vow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 One by one, they pushed back from the table, the weight of tomorrow already settling on their shoulders. The storm outside raged on, but for now, there was nothing to do but wait - and hope the dawn would bring answers instead of more disappearances.}}