{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Bold;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie moved cautiously through the ruins, his footsteps echoing in the vast emptiness. The shattered remains of Craemonia Bastion stretched before him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 toppled columns, cracked stone archways, and walls worn down by time and nature. The air was thick with dust, the scent of damp stone mingling with the crisp night breeze.}
\par\plain {His eyes scanned the remnants of what must have once been a grand stronghold, now reduced to a skeletal shadow of its former self. What was this place? A fortress? A sanctuary? Or perhaps something more?}
\par\plain {Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 BAM}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {An explosion shattered the stillness.}
\par\plain {The force of it sent a shockwave through the ruins, shaking loose dust and debris. Eddie flinched as a cloud of smoke and stone erupted from a collapsed section of the bastion, somewhere ahead. His pulse quickened.}
\par\plain {Through the smoke and chaos, a figure sprang backward}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {The figure soared through the air, their long coat billowing around them as if caught in an unseen current. The air itself seemed to hold their weight, slowing their descent in an effortless glide. Eddie, still at the edge of the bastion, stood frozen, watching the scene unfold.}
\par\plain {At first, he struggled to recognize the figure through the dust and shifting shadows. But then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there was no mistaking it.}
\par\plain {It was Catherine.}
\par\plain {She landed smoothly, feet skimming the fractured stone as she turned to face her opponent. Her brass-mahogany staff was held at her side, her stance relaxed.}
\par\plain {And then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {From the ruins of the observatory, }{\f0\fs24\b1 it}{ emerged, at first a shadow\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 then a silhouette.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Then it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s Nightingale Dragon.}
\par\plain {The ancient sentinel of the Illusory Forest loomed over the shattered laboratory, its obsidian-black scales gleaming under the fractured moonlight. Its six pairs of glowing red eyes, locked onto Catherine with an almost calculating gaze.}
\par\plain {The beast let out a slow, reverberating growl.}
\par\plain {A blur of black scales and outstretched talons shot toward Catherine with terrifying speed. She pivoted on her heel, barely dodging as the beast\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s claws }{\f0\fs24\b0 raked}{ across the stone where she had stood moments before, carving deep gashes into the earth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine retaliated.}{\f0\fs24\b1  }{She hurled a jagged slab of stone toward the dragon, transmuting it mid-air into a hail of sharp-edged weapons\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 spears of iron, serrated daggers, bolts of steel. They }{\f0\fs24\b1 shot forward}{ like an arrow storm, striking the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gleaming black scales.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But they bounced off. }{The weapons clattered uselessly to the ground, failing to pierce the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s obsidian-like scales. The beast barely flinched, its thick armor impenetrable.}
\par\plain {The dragon lunged again.}
\par\plain {She ducked, rolling across the rubble-strewn ground as its talons slammed into the stone behind her, sending shards flying. She}{\f0\fs24\b0  flung another boulder}{, transmuting it into a cascade of jagged spikes, but the dragon merely twisted its body, letting the shards }{\f0\fs24\b1 shatter }{\f0\fs24\b0 harmlessly}{ against its scales.}
\par\plain {Nothing was working.}
\par\plain {The dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes gleamed. And then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {It reared back. Its chest }{\f0\fs24\b0 expanded}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s instincts screamed at her. }{\f0\fs24\b0 Something was coming.}
\par\plain {The dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s maw opened, and with a deep, reverberating roar\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\b0 it breathed}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {A }{\f0\fs24\b0 storm}{ erupted from its throat, a deathly }{\f0\fs24\b0 blizzard}{ that roared forward in a freezing, unnatural wind. Everything in its path was }{\f0\fs24\b0 consumed}{ by frost. The shattered ruins, the broken pillars, even the very air seemed to }{\f0\fs24\b0 crystallize}{, turning into jagged ice.}
\par\plain {Catherine }{\f0\fs24\b0 dove aside}{ just in time, feeling the air turn bitterly cold as the icy storm }{\f0\fs24\b0 sliced}{ through the ruins of the bastion. The place she had stood just seconds before was now a frozen landscape of sharp, glistening spires.}
\par\plain {She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t keep dodging forever.}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted across the ruins. Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\b0 there}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {The remnants of a massive }{\f0\fs24\b0 hearth}{ stood at the center of the bastion, its stone structure still intact. Scattered around it were splintered remains of}{\f0\fs24\b0  old, dry wood.}
\par\plain {The dragon }{\f0\fs24\b0 snapped its head toward her,}{ locking onto its prey. Its chest }{\f0\fs24\b0 expanded again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Another breath was coming.}
\par\plain {The dragon reared back\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\b0 and unleashed its full power.}
\par\plain {A blizzard }{\f0\fs24\b0 howled}{ toward Catherine, spiraling forward like a spear of frozen death.}
\par\plain {And then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {A }{\f0\fs24\b0 roar of fire}{ storms forth from Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s staff.}
\par\plain {The hearth }{\f0\fs24\b0 ignited}{, the remnants of wood transmuting into a raging }{\f0\fs24\b0 inferno}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}{ She lifted her staff and with a forceful swing, she commanded the flames forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her fire storm met the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blizzard.}
\par\plain {The two forces collided in a blinding clash of elements\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\b0 searing heat against freezing cold.}
\par\plain {The ground }{\f0\fs24\b0 shook}{ beneath the sheer power of their battle. Flames and frost spiraled into the air, twisting and crackling as the two energies fought for dominance. Sparks and embers rained down, steam and mist billowing across the battlefield.}
\par\plain {For a moment, neither force relented.}
\par\plain {A grand }{\f0\fs24\b0 stalemate}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {Eddie }{\f0\fs24\b0 stood frozen}{ at the edge of the ruins, the clash of fire and ice raging before him.}
\par\plain {Catherine and the Nightingale Dragon were locked in a }{\f0\fs24\b0 deadly stalemate}{, their powers grinding against each other in a battle of extremes.}
\par\plain {The dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ice breath roared forward like a storm, its jagged frost spreading across the ground, creeping closer. Catherine\u8217\'92s fire lashed back, searing the air, steam and mist }{\f0\fs24\b0 billowing}{ into the night sky.}
\par\plain {Neither side was winning.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind }{\f0\fs24\b0 raced}{. There was }{\f0\fs24\b0 no way around}{ the dragon, not in these ruins, not in this confined space where every collapsed wall and broken archway became another obstacle.}
\par\plain {The monstrous creature }{\f0\fs24\b1 loomed}{, half-shrouded in shadows, its }{\f0\fs24\b0 six pairs of glowing red eyes}{ cutting through the darkness like burning coals. The air was thick with the }{\f0\fs24\b0 stench of burning and the sting of cold}{, a suffocating mix of heat and frost.}
\par\plain {His pulse }{\f0\fs24\b0 pounded in his ears}{. His breath came fast, rugged bursts. His body trembled.}
\par\plain {His thoughts scattered, crashing into each other. }{\f0\fs24\b0 Panic }{lawed at him.}
\par\plain {Then, something }{\f0\fs24\b0 flickered}{ inside him. A memory\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sharp, vivid.}
\par\plain {The boy he used to be.}
\par\plain {Fearless. Reckless. Always the first to act before thinking.}
\par\plain {That boy hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hesitated. That boy had thrown himself headfirst into chaos.}
\par\plain {Eddie clenched his jaw. He could feel it again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the reckless bravery, the stubborn impulse to }{\f0\fs24\b0 do something, anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 What would the old me have done? }{\f0\fs24\i0 Eddie thought to himself.}
\par\plain {He knew the answer. He had always knew the answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 He would\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ve done something }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 stupid}{\f0\fs24\i1 .}
\par\plain {He}{\f0\fs24\b0  took a deep breath}{\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and }{\f0\fs24\b0 raised his rifle.}
\par\plain {The weight of it settled in his hands. The polished wood, the cold metal, the faint scent of gunpowder. His grip was steady. His heart was not.}
\par\plain {The hammer}{\f0\fs24\b1  }{\f0\fs24\b0 clicked back}{, the metallic rasp slicing through the roaring battlefield.}
\par\plain {He }{\f0\fs24\b0 took aim.}
\par\plain {Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93HEY!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The word }{\f0\fs24\b0 ripped}{ from his throat, sharp and defiant.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The Nightingale Dragon }{\f3\fs20\b0\i0 turned}{\f4\fs20\b1\i0 .}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes }{\f0\fs24\b0 snapped toward him}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {For the briefest second, }{\f0\fs24\b0 everything stopped}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {The beast\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze locked onto him, its six glowing eyes narrowing in eerie unison. }
\par\plain {Eddie exhaled\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and pulled the trigger.}
\par\plain {A }{\f0\fs24\b0 deafening crack.}
\par\plain {The rifle }{\f0\fs24\b1 k}{\f0\fs24\b0 icked back hard}{, slamming against his shoulder. His arm }{\f0\fs24\b0 screamed in protest}{, but the shot had already torn through the air, a streak of fire and metal }{\f0\fs24\b0 racing toward its target.}
\par\plain {The bullet }{\f0\fs24\b0 struck home}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {A wet, sickening }{\f0\fs24\b0 crack}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {The}{\f0\fs24\b0  creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head jerked violently}{ to the side as the round }{\f0\fs24\b0 punched}{ into one of its glowing red eyes.}
\par\plain {A splatter of }{\f0\fs24\b0 fluid and shattered bone}{ burst from the wound, painting the ruins in streaks of glowing red ichor.}
\par\plain {The Nightingale Dragon }{\f0\fs24\b0 screamed}{\f0\fs24\b1 . }{\f0\fs24\b0 It roared in pain.}
\par\plain {A wretched,}{\f0\fs24\b0  soul-piercing roar}{ of agony and rage tore through the air. The beast\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s entire body }{\f0\fs24\b0 convulsed}{, its spine }{\f0\fs24\b0 arching}{ as it thrashed against the ruins.}
\par\plain {Massive claws }{\f0\fs24\b0 scraped the stone floor}{, carving deep gouges into the rock. Cracks }{\f0\fs24\b0 splintered}{ across the ancient ground.}
\par\plain {The dragon }{\f0\fs24\b0 clawed at its face,}{ its remaining eyes }{\f0\fs24\b0 flickering wildly}{ in pain. Blood }{\f0\fs24\b0 poured}{ from the ruined socket, }{\f0\fs24\b0 dripping}{ onto the cold earth.}
\par\plain {It screeched, stumbling back, its }{\f0\fs24\b0 massive wings flaring}{ as it flailed in a blind frenzy.}
\par\plain {The stalemate }{\f0\fs24\b0 was broken}{\f0\fs24\b1 . }{\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie ran.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {The ruins blurred around him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shattered ruins, burning embers, frost creeping over stone. The Nightingale Dragon }{\f0\fs24\b0 howled}{ in agony behind him, its monstrous body writhing, claws }{\f0\fs24\b0 tearing at its ruined eye}{. But Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop to look back.}
\par\plain {Catherine stood near the }{\f0\fs24\b0 crumbling hearth}{, her brass-mahogany staff still clutched in her hands, breath heaving from the clash of fire and ice.}
\par\plain {Eddie }{\f0\fs24\b0 skidded}{ to a stop beside her, grabbing her arm.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have to go,\u8221\'94 he }{\f0\fs24\b0 snapped}{, shaking her slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Traveller\u8217\'92s Path\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {But Catherine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move.}
\par\plain {Instead, she rounded on him, }{\f0\fs24\b0 anger flashing}{ in her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0 How foolish can you be?!}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie }{\f0\fs24\b0 blinked}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}{ \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excuse me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You shouldn\u8217\'92t have come!\u8221\'94 she }{\f0\fs24\b0 shoved his hand away}{. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got it under control!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Under control?!\u8221\'94 Eddie shot back. \u8220\'93Are you fucking }{\f0\fs24\b0 serious}{\f0\fs24\b1 ?}{ That thing nearly killed you!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know what I\u8217\'92m doing, Edward!\u8221\'94 Catherine growled. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t }{\f0\fs24\b0 need}{ your help! Now get back to the Traveller\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not leaving without you! Especially with that thing around!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am }{\f0\fs24\b0 not}{ leaving without the }{\f0\fs24\b0 Codex}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frustration}{\f0\fs24\b0  boiled over}{. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You are }{\f0\fs24\i1 not}{ seriously risking your life over a }{\f0\fs24\b0 damn book!}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not just a book!\u8221\'94 Catherine\u8217\'92s voice }{\f0\fs24\b0 rose}{, her grip tightening on her staff. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The fate of magical education\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 BOOM}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {A deep, }{\f0\fs24\b0 thunderous tremor}{ rocked the ruins.}
\par\plain {Both of them }{\f0\fs24\b0 froze}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {The Nightingale Dragon }{\f0\fs24\b0 let out an ear-splitting roar}{, its entire body }{\f0\fs24\b0 seizing}{ with fury. }{\f0\fs24\b0 Blackened wings flared wide}{, broken stone and debris }{\f0\fs24\b0 raining}{ from above.}
\par\plain {Its}{\f0\fs24\b0  tail lashed out}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {Neither of them saw it coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 CRACK}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {A split second of weightlessness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 then }{\f0\fs24\b0 impact}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {The world}{\f0\fs24\b0  lurched sideways}{. Eddie }{\f0\fs24\b0 collided hard}{ with the stone wall, the breath }{\f0\fs24\b0 ripping}{ from his lungs. Pain }{\f0\fs24\b0 exploded}{ through his back and shoulder. His vision }{\f0\fs24\b0 blurred}{, dark spots }{\f0\fs24\b0 dancing}{ at the edges of his sight.}
\par\plain {The ringing in his ears}{\f0\fs24\b0  drowned out everything else.}
\par\plain {For a moment, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move.}
\par\plain {Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he forced himself to look up.}
\par\plain {His }{\f0\fs24\b0 rifle lay in pieces}{ a few feet away, the wooden stock }{\f0\fs24\b0 snapped}{ clean in two, the barrel }{\f0\fs24\b0 twisted and broken }{beyond repair.}
\par\plain {His stomach }{\f0\fs24\b0 sank}{\f0\fs24\b1 .}
\par\plain {He turned\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine}{ lay crumpled a few feet away, her staff }{\f0\fs24\b0 clattering}{ to the ground.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulse }{\f0\fs24\b0 spiked}{ in fear. He dragged himself forward, his entire body }{\f0\fs24\b0 protesting}{ the movement. He reached her, grabbed her shoulders, shook her.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine,\u8221\'94 he rasped. \u8220\'93Are you alright?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {No response.}
\par\plain }