{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The ruins had fallen silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The acrid scent of burnt stone and charred scales lingered in the cold night air. Smoke curled into the sky, blotting out the moon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie and Catherine trudged through the shattered remnants of the Traveler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path, the path barely recognizable beneath the rubble. The trees loomed around them, casting long, jagged shadows over the uneven ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine walked beside him, clutching the splintered remains of her once-proud brass mahogany staff. Its delicate engravings, once gleaming with alchemical precision, were now marred by cracks and soot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rifle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his father\u8217\'92s rifle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lay in two broken halves, its finely crafted compartments torn apart. Each step forward pressed the weight of the battle deeper into his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He supported Catherine with a steady hand, his alchemy-infused salves having eased some of her pain, but unable to mend the deep bruises and the sharp, unnatural angle of her arm. She barely winced but held it close, as if acknowledging the injury would make it worse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His own body ached\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 bruises, burns, exhaustion pressing in like a vice. His steps were uneven, breaths shallow, but he refused to slow down. Not yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The night stretched on, the forest shifting around them. Quiet. Too quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine finally spoke, her voice hesitant, breaking the fragile silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie\u8230\'85 you\u8217\'92ve been so distant lately. What happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze remained fixed on the ground, his expression unreadable, his thoughts a storm. He took a slow breath, the weight of something unspoken settling between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a long story, Catherine\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She glanced at him, her golden eyes flickering with curiosity and something softer\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 she murmured, voice just above a whisper. \u8220\'93You care to tell it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie exhaled, his breath shaky, his words bitter and heavy with regret.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on,\u8221\'94 Catherine tried making a teasing gesture, \u8220\'93We got all the time in the world now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 Eddie chuckled, \u8220\'93Back at the academy\u8230\'85 I uh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie swallowed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I-I used the same kind of magic against a boy named Davies."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He hesitated. The name tasted like iron in his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The one you used against the dragon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Yeah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 We had a duel. And I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His throat tightened. The memory wrapped around his chest like a vice. "I scarred him, Catherine." His voice was barely above a whisper. "Not just a mark. A permanent scar."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His fingers curled into a fist at his side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just hurt him\u8230\'85 I }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 ruined}{\f0\fs24\b0  him."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The night pressed in around them. The cold gnawed at his skin, but it was nothing compared to the ice settling in his gut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "And all I could think was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " his voice cracked, his heartbeat a thunder in his ears, "I was a monster."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He could still see their faces. The stares.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how they saw me. How they always was. In their eyes, I was someone to be afraid of. I was someone to }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 be careful of.}{\f0\fs24\b0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath hitched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Alchemy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s not just a knowledge for me, Catherine. It }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 changes}{\f0\fs24\b0  me. It makes me into someone else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Someone dark."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He swallowed hard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "And I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bear it\u8230\'85 Not anymore\u8230\'85 I was done."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His fists clenched. The bitterness burned in his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "So when the academy expelled me, part of me was relieved." His laugh was hollow, bitter. "It was an excuse. A reason to walk away. To leave it all behind. To finally be free of that world. That power. To stop being this... }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 thing}{\f0\fs24\b0  everyone had to fear."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His voice trembled on the last word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The confession left him raw, exposed. He forced himself to look at Catherine, bracing for judgment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "But deep down\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85" his voice dropped, haunted, "I can\u8217\'92t leave it. I can\u8217\'92t run from it. It\u8217\'92s a part of me. I can\u8217\'92t escape what I am."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t speak right away. She didn\u8217\'92t rush to fill the void his words left behind. She just stood there, the weight of his guilt settling between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, finally\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her expression softened. "I see." Her voice was gentle, but there was no pity in it. Just understanding. "That must have been devastating."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie nodded, his voice low, tinged with regret.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I felt a guilt I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never known before." The words came out hoarse, as if admitting it made the weight heavier. "I couldn\u8217\'92t bear the thought of hurting someone like that again. So when I got my expulsion notice\u8230\'85 I shut myself off from Alchemy."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He exhaled sharply. "I thought if I stayed away, I could protect people. That it was the right thing to do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His fists clenched. "But it just made me numb." His gaze dropped to the ground, lost in the patterns of dirt and shadows. "I lost my purpose. I lost }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 everything}{\f0\fs24\b0  that day."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine suddenly stopped walking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her expression was serious, but not unkind. "Eddie," she said, her voice calm but unwavering. "Throughout history, magic has been used for both great good and terrible evil."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her gaze held his, steady with conviction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "There have been sorcerers who toppled kingdoms, enslaved millions, and committed atrocities beyond imagination."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She let that sink in before continuing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Like Nocturnilus the Conqueror."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The name alone felt heavy in the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Once, he was just a spellcraftsman\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a sorcerer in service to the Northern Elven Kingdom. The elves have always lived by magic, weaving it into every part of their lives. It was a gift, a birthright, a force of creation."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her voice darkened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "But for Nocturnilus, it was never enough."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She glanced at the treetops, as if searching for memories carved into the night sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Blinded by greed, by the hunger for more, he turned his power toward conquest. He was the first sorcerer to raise a city of stone with a mere gesture\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and the first to reduce one to ash just as easily. He marched across the lands, toppling kings, razing kingdoms, and forging an empire from the ruins of others."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie swallowed, the weight of history pressing against his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "His armies enslaved millions, binding them with chains wrought from his own magic. He thought himself invincible."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice dropped lower, almost a whisper. "But the more he took, the more magic consumed him. It changed him. His flesh, his mind\u8230\'85 his very soul. By the end, he was no longer a man. Some say he was no longer even an elf. Just a shadow, a being twisted by his own power."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "And there was Aeron the Founder."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The name lingered between them like a spark in the cold night air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "He was an elf, like Nocturnilus. In fact, he once served under him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stood at his side as a fellow conjurer, weaving spells to expand Nocturnilus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s empire. For years, he followed orders, watching cities crumble, watching people enslaved by the very magic that was meant to enrich elven lives."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice grew firm. "But then, something changed. Aeron looked at the ruins they had left behind, at the lives shattered by conquest, and he could no longer bear it. He chose to walk away."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie frowned. "He just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 left?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Not just left," Catherine corrected. "He defied. He turned against the empire he had once helped build. He traveled to the very lands he had once helped destroy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not as a conqueror, but as a healer. As a teacher. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He taught magic to those who feared it, gave power to those who had none. And in the end, it was his students, his disciples, the very people Nocturnilus had enslaved, who brought the tyrant down to his knees."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie swallowed, the weight of her words settling in his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Aeron could have followed the same path," Catherine continued, "but he chose differently. He eventually founded and became one of the Nine Sages, the very founders of the magical world as we know it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He and the others built cities where there was only wasteland, cured diseases that once ravaged nations, opened doors to possibilities no one had dared to dream of before."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers twitched at his sides. His thoughts churned, Catherine\u8217\'92s words fighting against years of self-doubt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hesitate. She placed a hand on his shoulder, firm and reassuring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not about what magic }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 can}{\f0\fs24\b0  do," she said. "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about what }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0  can to do with it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The weight of her words settled in his chest, pressing against the scars he had buried deep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "You have the power to help, Eddie. To heal. To make a difference. But you have to believe in yourself first."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For a moment, neither of them spoke. The night stretched quiet and still around them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie inhaled slowly, his gaze lifting to the darkened path ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Somehow, the night didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel so suffocating anymore. The weight in Eddie\u8217\'92s chest was still there, but it no longer crushing him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it simply lingered, like the ache of an old wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, as they emerged from the dense trees onto the open road, familiar figures came into view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Markus stood with his arms crossed, pacing slightly, his sharp eyes scanning the darkness. Torrie, bundled in her yellow knit sweater, was bouncing on her heels, her long twin tails swaying as she peered anxiously down the path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The moment they saw them, relief broke across their faces\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but it was Catherine, not Eddie, who immediately caught their attention.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bloody hell,\u8221\'94 Markus swore, rushing toward them. \u8220\'93What happened to her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie gasped, her huge round glasses slipping down her nose as she ran forward. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine! You\u8217\'92re hurt!\u8221\'94 Her eyes darted to the awkward way Catherine held her left arm, the fabric of her sleeve torn and bloodied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine, despite the obvious pain tightening her jaw, managed a wry smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Elves heal fast. You should worry about Eddie\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92s the delicate one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie shot her an exasperated look, but Torrie wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t buying it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie grabbed Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s good hand and inspected her arm like a stern doctor. \u8220\'93Fast healing or not, a broken arm isn\u8217\'92t something you can just \u8216\'91walk off\u8217\'92!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Markus turned to Eddie, scanning him up and down. His expression was unreadable for a moment, but then he clapped a hand on Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, gripping tightly. \u8220\'93You alright?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie hesitated. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Was he?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The old instinct was to say }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 yes}{\f0\fs24\b0 , to brush it off, to pretend everything was fine. But after tonight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 after everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he found himself answering truthfully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip tightened for a second, then he gave a small nod. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll figure it out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie, still fussing over Catherine, threw a glare at them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, don\u8217\'92t just stand there! We need to get her somewhere safe before she keels over from blood loss!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine sighed dramatically. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So bossy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie let out a small, tired chuckle. And just like that, the weight of the night seemed a little easier to bear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The tension was lifting, the road ahead no longer so dark.}}