{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The carriage creaked to a halt in front of a weathered farmyard. Gunther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Farm marked the northernmost point the driver was willing to take them. Beyond this, the journey would continue on foot.}
\par\plain {Eddie stepped out first, the cool northern wind brushing against his face as he glanced toward the horizon. A vast expanse of waving grass stretched ahead, glowing faintly in the soft light of the setting sun. Torrie followed, holding her bag tightly as her eyes darted around the quiet farmyard.}
\par\plain {"This is where we part ways, folks," the driver said gruffly, tipping his hat. "Best of luck to you. Deep Glaive\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not a place I\u8217\'92d go wanderin\u8217\'92 after dark."}
\par\plain {"Noted," Markus replied, slinging his pack over his shoulder. "Thanks for the ride."}
\par\plain {The group began their trek northward, the golden sea of grass swaying rhythmically as a gentle breeze carried the scent of earth and wildflowers. Their shadows stretched long and lean under the waning sunlight. The land ahead gradually sloped upward, and as they crested a small hill, the forest of Deep Glaive came into view.}
\par\plain {At first glance, it seemed underwhelming. A scattered cluster of saplings, small bushes, and a few modestly sized trees lined the edge. Markus stopped and crossed his arms, tilting his head with a skeptical smirk.}
\par\plain {"This is it?" he asked, glancing at Catherine. "This is the infamous Deep Glaive? Doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem so... deep. Looks more like a glorified garden."}
\par\plain {Torrie giggled, and even Eddie smirked, but Catherine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take the bait. She simply regarded the forest with a calm, knowing expression.}
\par\plain {"That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s because you\u8217\'92re standing on the shallow end," she replied, her voice measured.}
\par\plain {Markus raised an eyebrow. "Shallow end? What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s that supposed to mean?"}
\par\plain {Catherine turned toward him, gesturing to the trees ahead. "The Deep Glaive isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t an ordinary forest. It\u8217\'92s enchanted\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 alive, in a way. It mimics the ocean. The closer you stay to the edges, the smaller everything seems. But as you go deeper..." She trailed off, her gaze drifting to the horizon.}
\par\plain {Markus frowned, his earlier bravado faltering. "And what happens as we go deeper?"}
\par\plain {"The trees grow larger. The creatures more dangerous. The forest doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just grow\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it transforms," Catherine explained, her tone steady but laced with a hint of caution. "It\u8217\'92s why they call it the Deep Glaive. You won\u8217\'92t understand the scale until you\u8217\'92re standing in the heart of it."}
\par\plain {Markus rubbed the back of his neck, his confidence wavering. "Great. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s... comforting."}
\par\plain {Eddie glanced at Torrie, who seemed undeterred, her curious gaze fixed on the unassuming trees ahead. She was practically bouncing with excitement, which only made Markus mutter, "Kid\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fearless, huh?" under his breath.}
\par\plain {The group pressed onward, stepping into the forest\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s threshold. The moment they crossed the invisible boundary, the air changed. It grew cooler, denser, and carried a faint hum, as though the forest itself was alive and watching.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {As they ventured into the gathering dusk, the world around them grew quieter. Their footsteps and the distant calls of seabirds were the sounds they could hear. The path ahead was long, and the mysteries of the Deep Glaive awaited. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The path they had been following gave way to a darker earth. The cobblestones disappear beneath layers of fallen leaves. Catherine's party is approaching the edge of the Deep Glaive. The sun was now just a sliver on the horizon, casting the last rays of daylight through the trees. As they drew nearer, the forest ahead seemed almost unremarkable\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a small cluster of trees, their branches swaying gently in the evening breeze. But as they crossed the threshold into the forest, the air seemed to shift. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {It became cooler, denser, and more vibrant. The small, unassuming trees began to grow taller. Their trunks thickened, and their canopies stretched higher into the sky. The underbrush, once sparse, now teemed with strange, luminescent flora, casting an otherworldly glow on the path ahead. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie glanced at Markus, who was inspecting the vibrant moss clinging to a nearby trunk. "Do you feel that?" Eddie asked, his voice hushed.}
\par\plain {"The air\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s richer," Markus replied, brushing his fingers across the moss. "Like the forest itself is alive."}
\par\plain {Torrie trailed behind them. She looked up, craning her neck to take in the towering trees. Their trunks spiraled skyward, their leaves forming an interwoven canopy so thick it blocked out the remnants of the evening light. Shadows danced across her freckled face, and her voice piped up, soft but curious. "Is it night already?"}
\par\plain {Catherine, leading the group, paused and turned to Torrie with a small smile. "Not quite," she said. Her silver hair shimmered faintly, catching the luminescence of the forest flora. "The deeper we go, the larger the forest grows. This is the Deep Glaive\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an Illusory Forest. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not just a place, but a world within itself. Like the ocean, it swells with depth. The trees grow taller, the creatures larger, the magic stronger."}
\par\plain {Torrie's eyes widened. "So, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s like we\u8217\'92re walking into... another layer of reality?"}
\par\plain {"Precisely," Catherine said, stepping forward again. "The Deep Glaive is an ancient place, shaped by spells older than any of us. It doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t follow the rules of the outside world."}
\par\plain {Markus chuckled softly as he joined Catherine, tapping the flask on his belt. "And yet, here we are, bringing mundane supplies into a place like this. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s humbling, isn\u8217\'92t it?"}
\par\plain {Eddie remained quiet, his eyes darting between the glowing plants and the shifting shadows. Despite Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s calm explanation, there was something unnerving about the way the forest seemed to press in on them. The path was no longer clear cobblestones but a soft, spongy surface underfoot, rich with fallen leaves and vines that seemed to writhe faintly in the periphery of his vision.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re getting closer to the forest\u8217\'92s center. Stay vigilant. Not all creatures here are friendly, and illusions can play tricks on the mind."}
\par\plain {Torrie shivered, her earlier wonder giving way to nervousness. She edged closer to Eddie. "What kind of creatures?"}
\par\plain {Markus threw her a reassuring grin. "Big ones."}
\par\plain {As they ventured further, the luminescent plants grew brighter, painting the towering trees in hues of blue and green. The hum grew louder, joined by faint rustlings in the dense underbrush. Shadows flickered at the edges of their vision, always just out of focus.}
\par\plain {They trudged forward, their footsteps crunching softly against the dense forest floor. The air seemed heavier now, as though the forest itself were holding its breath. Shadows shifted in the dim light, and the towering trees pressed closer.}
\par\plain {Torrie broke the silence, her voice hesitant but curious. "Are we in the center of the forest yet?"}
\par\plain {Catherine glanced back at her, a small smile playing on her lips. "Not quite," she said, gesturing toward the dense wall of trees ahead. "We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re at the Gates."}
\par\plain {"The Gates?" Torrie echoed, her brow furrowing.}
\par\plain {Catherine nodded. "The Gates to the forest\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart. If you know where to look\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and what to do\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you can open them. Only then will we truly reach the center."}
\par\plain {The group exchanged wary glances, and Eddie adjusted the strap of his satchel. "So... how exactly do we \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91open\u8217\'92 them?"}
\par\plain {"Follow me," Catherine said, her voice calm and assured. She led the way forward, her staff tapping lightly against the forest floor.}
\par\plain {As they trudged forward, a subtle shift occurred\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the forest began to open up. The trees parted to reveal a circular clearing, illuminated by an eerie golden glow. In the center was a patch of delicate, circularly arranged yellow flowers. Their petals seemed to shimmer faintly, as though catching a light that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t there.}
\par\plain {Catherine stopped abruptly, and the others nearly bumped into her. She gestured toward the center of the clearing. "There it is."}
\par\plain {At the heart of the space was a patch of delicate yellow flowers, their petals arranged in a near-perfect circle. They seemed to shimmer faintly, catching and reflecting light that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t visible to the naked eye.}
\par\plain {Catherine let out a soft breath, her expression a mix of awe and satisfaction. "The Eden Flowers," she murmured, kneeling beside them. Her hands brushed lightly over the petals, careful not to disturb their fragile beauty. "I didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think we\u8217\'92d find them this deep."}
\par\plain {Torrie dropped to her knees beside Catherine, her wide eyes captivated by the flowers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 soft luminescence. "Are they special?" she asked, her voice filled with wonder.}
\par\plain {Catherine nodded. "They are here,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Catherine said, \u8220\'93But not in a city called Edenfield where they\u8217\'92re from, but in ancient times, they were widely cultivated. Eden Flowers are incredibly receptive to magic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ideal for enchantments, alchemical transmutations, and even energy storage. These might have been planted centuries ago, perhaps by one of the Nine Sages themselves."}
\par\plain {Markus raised an eyebrow. "Edenfield\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s namesake, right?"}
\par\plain {"Yes," Catherine replied, her voice tinged with admiration. "This was their legacy. A flower that could shape entire eras of magic. And now... we need them to guide us through this place."}
\par\plain {She stood, brushing the dirt from her gloves. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll prepare a transmutation circle to reveal a safe path. But first, I\u8217\'92ll need light."}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure,\u8221\'94 Eddie glanced at Markus. "Got a flashlight?"}
\par\plain {Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. "Oh, damn it. I think I left it back at the pack."}
\par\plain {"You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re joking." Eddie pinched the bridge of his nose, frustration mounting.}
\par\plain {Markus scratched the back of his head, his sheepish grin doing little to help. "Sorry. Guess I thought the forest would provide enough glow."}
\par\plain {The group scrambled for a solution. Torrie waved her wand, attempting to conjure an illumination spell, but only managed a few flickering sparks. Markus rummaged through his bag, muttering apologies under his breath. Even Catherine seemed momentarily at a loss, her expression taut with the urgency of their situation.}
\par\plain {Eddie let out a groan. "Fine. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got this."}
\par\plain {He reached into his coat and pulled out a wand. It was plain, its wood worn smooth from years of use, but as he held it, a subtle warmth spread through his fingertips. He focused, muttering a quiet incantation under his breath.}
\par\plain {The tip of the wand ignited with a small flame, fuelled by the gunpowder he had been carrying. The fire hovering just above the wood. It flickered and danced, casting warm, golden light across the clearing.}
\par\plain {"There," Eddie said, holding the wand high. The firelight illuminated Catherine and the flowers, the glow accentuating their delicate beauty.}
\par\plain {The flame cast dancing shadows on their faces, illuminating Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile, her features softening in the firelight. She nodded approvingly. "Good work, Eddie. That\u8217\'92s perfect."}
\par\plain {Markus raised an eyebrow, clearly surprised, but didn't comment further. Torrie, on the other hand, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hide her curiosity. "You\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 You\u8217\'92ve still got it, huh?" she asked, a bit in awe.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {Eddie shrugged it off, not meeting her gaze. "I just burned the spare gunpowder for light, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s all. Catherine needed it, and nobody else had one." }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {"Hold the light steady," she instructed. "This will take precision."}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded, his hand unwavering as Catherine began tracing intricate lines in the dirt with her staff. The others gathered closer, their breaths quiet, watching as the transmutation circle took shape under Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s careful guidance. The forest seemed to hold its breath, the hum of its magic vibrating faintly in their bones.}
\par\plain {The circle glowed faintly, reacting to the proximity of the Eden Flowers. Torrie whispered, "Is it working?"}
\par\plain {Catherine glanced up, her silver hair shimmering in the firelight. "It will. Just a little longer."}
\par\plain {As she worked, Eddie felt a strange sense of calm settle over him, the light of the flame casting away the shadows both in the forest and within his own doubts.}}