{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The deeper they ventured into Hallowmere, the more Edenfield\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scholarly charm peeled away, replaced by iron, soot, and the rhythmic groan of machinery. The streets narrowed, flanked on both sides by looming warehouses and factory walls blackened with decades of smoke. Overhead, pipes twisted like metal vines, releasing occasional bursts of steam that hissed into the night.}
\par\plain {Train tracks ran along the main road, their rails vibrating faintly under the rumble of a passing locomotive. Carts clattered past, pulled by mechanical mules and piled high with barrels, crates, and sacks of glowing ore. The scent of oil and burning coal filled the air.}
\par\plain {Will whistled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now }{\f0\fs24\i1 this}{ is my kind of place. Reminds me of home. Kinda.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re from Michigan,\u8221\'94 Victoria said, side-stepping a suspicious puddle like it might reach up and grab her. \u8220\'93Is it... all like this there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nah,\u8221\'94 Will smirked. \u8220\'93But the suburbs backed onto train yards and old factories. I used to sneak in with my cousins to play hide and seek. One of them broke an arm falling off a flour silo. Good times.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Victoria made a faint gagging sound as they passed a butcher\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stall reeking of blood and brine. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how anyone lives here. This place smells like regret.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Careful,\u8221\'94 Ashley said, nudging her with a grin. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re describing about thirty percent of my childhood.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Victoria sniffed, clearly trying not to breathe too deeply. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just\u8230\'85 so loud. And damp. And }{\f0\fs24\i1 gray}{. Honestly, how do people focus with all this noise?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie, walking a step behind the others, gave her a sidelong glance. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You get used to it. Some people don\u8217\'92t have the luxury of choosing peace and quiet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oof,\u8221\'94 Will muttered under his breath. \u8220\'93Critical hit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine stifled a smile but said nothing, her eyes scanning the alleyways as they walked.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Besides,\u8221\'94 Eddie added, \u8220\'93we\u8217\'92re not here for a sightseeing tour. We are here for Animal Garden.\u8221\'94}}