{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The storefront smelled of dried herbs and bitter roots\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 familiar, comforting. Glass jars lined the shelves, filled with twisted bark, gnarled mushrooms, and roots that looked more like ancient talons than medicine. The air hummed with the quiet warmth of the electric kettle boiling in the back, steam curling toward the ceiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie sat on a wooden stool, his body a patchwork of bruises. His left eye was swollen shut, purpling at the edges. His knuckles were split, his nose crusted with dried blood. His jacket hung off him, torn at the shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lianna moved around him with practiced efficiency, her hands steady as she dabbed a cotton pad soaked in pungent herbal tincture against his split lip. Eddie winced, but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t pull away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Idiot,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~she muttered in, her voice sharp but her touch gentle.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Fighting again. Like some street thug."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie stayed silent. This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the first time he\u8217\'92d come home like this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When he was younger, the bruises were from\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 accidents}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 falling off his bike, tripping in the schoolyard. Then, as he got older, they came from other kids\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shoulder checks in the hallway, stolen lunches, the occasional shove into a locker.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And then, last year, his father\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Charles\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had decided\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 enough}{\f0\fs24\b0 . He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d dragged Eddie to a martial arts class, gruffly telling him,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "If you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re going to get hit, at least hit back."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lianna had called them both idiots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Now, as she pressed a cold compress to his swollen eye, she sighed.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "The school called. Again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie grunted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Three boys,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~she continued, switching to English, her tone clipped.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "One with a broken nose. One with a dislocated shoulder. And Jason Hargrove\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "He deserved it,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Eddie muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lianna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers stilled. Then, with deliberate calm, she set down the cotton pad and folded her arms.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Did he?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie looked away. His mother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stare was worse than any punch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Your father thought teaching you to fight would make you stronger,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~she said.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "But all it did was make you angrier."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "They called you a Witch,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Eddie shot back, his voice rough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lianna paused, then let out a sharp, dismissive breath.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Then let them!"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~She turned to face him fully, her dark eyes flashing.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Do you think I care what some teenagers say about me?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers curled into fists on his knees.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Well, I do."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The words came out quieter than he meant them to.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t mind if they make fun of me. But if it\u8217\'92s you\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 I\u8217\'92m not tolerating that."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For a moment, Lianna just looked at him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 really looked at him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as if seeing something in his battered face she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t noticed before. Then, without another word, she turned and walked to the shelf behind the counter, reaching for fresh gauze and a small ceramic jar of ointment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The silence that followed wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t heavy. It was the kind of quiet that settled between people who understood each other too well to need filling the space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The silence that followed wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t heavy. It was the kind of quiet that settled between people who understood each other too well to need filling the space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Mum..."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Eddie finally said, breaking the stillness.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Can I ask you something slightly personal?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lianna didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t pause in her work, her fingers deftly wrapping gauze around his bruised knuckles.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Go ahead."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You won\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t get angry?"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Eddie teased weakly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m already angry,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~she replied dryly, though the corner of her mouth twitched.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "So go ahead."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Another beat of silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Who... who are my real parents?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lianna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands stilled. Just for a second. Then she continued bandaging, her movements slower now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie pushed forward before he could lose his nerve.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Who are they? And are they well? Who\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s my real family?"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The questions tumbled out, one after another, until he landed on the one that had been clawing at him since Jason spat it in his face:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "And... are they what people think they are?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The shop felt too quiet suddenly. The hum of the refrigerator, the distant drip of the tap in the back room\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all of it too loud in the absence of Lianna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Finally, she tied off the bandage and sat back, her dark eyes meeting his. There was something in her gaze Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite place\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not anger, not sadness. Something heavier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Your parents,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~she began carefully,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "were people who loved you very much."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Are they..."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Eddie hesitated, the question caught in his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lianna sighed, then sat on the stool beside him, the wood creaking softly under her weight.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I suppose I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve never told you the story of how we first adopted you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath hitched.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "No,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~he said quietly.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t think you have."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For a moment, the only sound was the distant hum of the shop\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s old refrigerator. Lianna folded her hands in her lap, her gaze distant, as if deciding where to begin. Then, softly:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re old enough now. Do you want to know?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The air between them thickened\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 suspense and intrigue winding tight around them. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulse thudded in his ears. He nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lianna took a slow breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "It was the winter of 1995. Your father and I were in Malacca\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 just a stopover before we moved to the UK. Charles had just finished his paperwork for the job overseas. We were waiting for the next ship, and the docks were freezing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her voice softened, lost in memory.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I was sitting on a bench, rubbing a warming remedy into my hands, when I noticed the woman beside me. She wore a long red coat, a black cloak draped over her shoulders, the hood pulled low. She was shivering\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 but not from the cold. She looked... terrified. Hollow. Like she had seen something no person should ever see."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie leaned forward, his pulse quickening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I offered her my remedy,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Lianna continued.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "She took it, and that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s when we started talking. She called herself an Alchemist\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 a word I hadn\u8217\'92t heard since my grandfather\u8217\'92s old stories. She thought I was one too, but I told her I was just a medicine-maker\u8217\'92s daughter. No Alchemist. Just a woman who knew herbs."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A pause. The shop\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shadows seemed to deepen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Then... she handed me a baby."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Lianna\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers tightened around the edge of the stool.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You. She said there was no safe place where she was going, that someone had to care for you until you \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91came of age.\u8217\'92 I argued\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 we were leaving the country! How could we take a child? But the way she looked at me... She had no other choice. \u8216\'91I trust no one,\u8217\'92 she said, \u8216\'91but I will trust a fellow Alchemist.\u8217\'92"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine,\u8221\'94 Lianna said.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s when she told me her name. And yours\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 Edward Welton. She made me promise to write to her when you were older. Then she left. I never saw her again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8230\'85 What was she like?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her gaze drifted to Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, studying his features\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the same sharp green eyes, the same stubborn set of his jaw.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "She was tall. Fiery red hair. And her ears..."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Lianna traced a finger along the curve of her own ear.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Long. Pointed. Hidden under that cloak, but I saw them when the wind shifted. Your father said she must have been an elf\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 one of the old ones from stories. He swore meeting her brought us luck. Our shop never lacked customers after that. Charles got promoted within months."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie swallowed hard.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "So... have you written to her?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lianna shook her head.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "We didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know what \u8216\'91come of age\u8217\'92 meant to her kind. But your father and I agreed\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 we would write to her when you finished your sixth form college."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~She glanced at him, her expression softening.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re in your final year now. The time is close."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A silence settled between them, heavy with unspoken understanding. Then Lianna continued, her voice quieter,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Eddie, you have a right to go to your rightful family when you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re older. We had no right to keep you as our own forever. And Catherine... she\u8217\'92s the only living relative we know of."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest tightened.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You\~are\~my family,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~he said fiercely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lianna smiled, but there was sadness in it.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "We will always be your family. But blood calls to blood, Eddie. yours is different."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The shop bell chimed again, sharper this time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie turned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His father stood in the doorway, still in his dockworker\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s high-vis vest, his cheeks ruddy from the cold. For a moment, his face was bright\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the usual tired-but-cheerful expression he wore after a long shift. Then his eyes landed on Eddie\u8217\'92s bruises, the split lip, the swollen eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Oh goodness gracious,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Charles muttered, his smile vanishing. He crossed the shop in three long strides, dropping to a crouch in front of Eddie. His calloused hands hovered, as if afraid to touch.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Are you okay? What happened to you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie opened his mouth, but Lianna answered first.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "He got into a fight. Again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Charles exhaled through his nose, his brow furrowing.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "With who?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Jason Hargrove,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Eddie muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Recognition flashed in Charles\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, followed by something darker.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "That little\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~He cut himself off, shaking his head.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Did you win?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Charles!"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Lianna snapped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "What? I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m just asking!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie almost smiled. That was Charles\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 practical to a fault. No scolding, no\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 you-should-know-better}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Just\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 did you win?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Wasn't exactly a fair fight,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Eddie admitted.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Five against one. But they ran off in the end, so... call it a draw."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Charles opened his mouth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 probably to praise him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but Lianna's sharp glare cut him off. Instead, he cleared his throat and adopted a more fatherly tone.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Look, Eddie, I get it. But you can't keep solving things with your fists. Anger management, yeah? You're smarter than this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Lianna exhaled loudly, rubbing her temples.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I give up. You two are impossible."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~She turned and disappeared into the back of the house, the door swinging shut behind her with a decisive click.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The shop fell silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Charles waited a beat, then jerked his head toward the front door.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Come on. Walk with me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie knew a lecture was coming. But Charles had never been the judgmental type\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just blunt, honest. So he followed.}}