{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {The sudden sound of a gunshot shattered the stillness of the night. Echoing through the air like a crack of thunder. Eddie and Torrie froze, both stunned by the sharp, jarring noise. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart skipped a beat, but his face remained a mask of confusion. Torrie\u8217\'92s eyes widened, and she instinctively grabbed his arm. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that?\u8221\'94 she asked, }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie blinked, his thoughts distracted by the shot. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 he said, voice tight with concern. \u8220\'93It came from the direction Catherine and Markus went.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip on his arm tightened, but Eddie brushed her off. He knew they could do nothing, but the sound gnawed at him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something was wrong. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The air between them crackled with unresolved tension. Torrie seized the moment, her frustration bubbling over. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re seriously not going to say anything about it? You\u8217\'92ve just gone quiet again. Don\u8217\'92t you care?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie, still processing the shot, struggled to find the right words. He opened his mouth, then closed it again, trying to make sense of everything. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Torrie. It\u8217\'92s not that it doesn\u8217\'92t fascinate me,\u8221\'94 Eddie said finally, his voice strained. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s just... nothing else to discuss. I don\u8217\'92t know what else to say about her.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression shifted from frustration to something more accusatory. Her eyes narrowed. Her voice rose, barely containing the anger simmering beneath the surface. \u8220\'93You used to be so eager to meet Catherine. You\u8217\'92d spend hours talking about her, sharing everything you learned from her with me. Now, you act like she\u8217\'92s just another stranger. She noticed it, too\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was confused and disappointed by your reaction. Doesn\u8217\'92t that bother you?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face flushed, his patience wearing thin. He shook his head, frustrated by her insistence. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not that simple. You don\u8217\'92t understand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Torrie cut him off, her voice trembling with emotion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t I? You used to be passionate about magic, Eddie. You looked up to Catherine like she was some kind of hero. But now you\u8217\'92re just... a shell of your former self. You\u8217\'92ve completely shut down!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The accusation hung heavily in the air, and Eddie felt a pang of guilt. His hands clenched around the rifle, knuckles white. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tears began to flow, her voice breaking with each word. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you feel bad for her, Ed? Magic used to be your life! You used to dream about it, and now you just act like it\u8217\'92s nothing. What happened to you? Just because you scarred a boy\u8217\'92s face during a duel doesn\u8217\'92t mean you should give it up!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face contorted with anger and pain. He stood up abruptly, his voice rising in frustration. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t just scar him, Torrie! I ruined his life. I didn\u8217\'92t just get expelled from the academy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I destroyed someone\u8217\'92s future, and I\u8217\'92ve done it countless times! Magic wasn\u8217\'92t just a hobby but a weapon, and I used it recklessly.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened in shock, her tears flowing freely now. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re just using that as an excuse! You\u8217\'92ve let one mistake define you. You\u8217\'92ve let it make you cold and distant. Aunt Catherine returned expecting to see the old you, full of wonder and ambition. Instead, she finds someone who\u8217\'92s given up on everything that used to matter.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice cracked as he shouted back. \u8220\'93You think I wanted this? Do you think I wanted to become this person? It\u8217\'92s not just about one mistake\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s about everything I lost because of it. I can\u8217\'92t just turn it back on like a switch.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The argument continued to escalate, their voices echoing off the surrounding trees. The once-gentle glow of the Eden Flowers seemed to flicker\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more erratically this time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 casting long, wavering shadows around them. The silent and watchful forest seemed to hold its breath as the siblings\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 emotions spilt out. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Torrie, flushed with anger and hurt, took a step back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve changed so much, Eddie. It\u8217\'92s like you\u8217\'92re not even the same person anymore.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Panting and shaken, Eddie looked at her with regret and defiance. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I\u8217\'92m not. Maybe I can\u8217\'92t be the person I was before. You don\u8217\'92t know what it\u8217\'92s like to live with the consequences of your actions.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {For a moment, the forest seemed to close around them, the weight of their argument pressing down on both of them. The glow of the Luminas felt colder, and the distance between them seemed to widen with every harsh word. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tears continued to flow, her voice a whisper of anguish. \u8220\'93I just... I wish you could see how much we still need that part of you, Eddie. The part that believed in magic believed in the good it could do.\u8221\'94 }}