{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The morning sunlight streamed through the classroom windows, casting a warm glow over the rows of desks. Haruki sat at her usual spot, her sketchbook open in front of her, pencil moving swiftly across the page. Instead of her classmates, the desks in her drawing were occupied by whimsical creatures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a fox with nine tails lounged in the corner, a dragon coiled around the teacher\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s podium, and a flock of tiny winged sprites flitted through the air. A smirk tugged at her lips as she added the finishing touches to a griffin perched smugly on Aiko\u8217\'92s desk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko, seated beside her, leaned over to peek at the sketch. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look unusually happy today,\u8221\'94 she noted, her tone equal parts curious and suspicious. \u8220\'93Did something good happen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Across from them, Akihito sat with his arms crossed, half-listening while flipping through his own notebook. He raised an eyebrow at Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression but didn\u8217\'92t comment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look up, her pencil still moving. \u8220\'93I submitted my Career Plan,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice light and sing-songy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, and she practically shot forward in her chair. \u8220\'93You did?!\u8221\'94 she exclaimed, much too loud for the classroom. A few students glanced their way, but Aiko didn\u8217\'92t seem to care. \u8220\'93What did you pick?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki finally looked up, drawing out the moment with an infuriatingly smug grin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tokyo University,\u8221\'94 she said, pausing dramatically. \u8220\'93Fine Arts program.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko and Akihito reacted at the same time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?!\u8221\'94 Aiko gasped, her eyes sparkling with surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93WHAT?!\u8221\'94 Akihito groaned, his tone laced with horror.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, Akihito rubbed his temples as if physically pained. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I know you\u8217\'92re impulsive and stubborn as a mule, but I didn\u8217\'92t think you\u8217\'92d just }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 impulsively decide the trajectory of your career in a day, let alone from my off-hand remarks.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 He stared at her in disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki scoffed, half-annoyed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, you were the one who suggested Tokyo University yesterday!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Suggested!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Akihito emphasized the word. \u8220\'93I was thinking at least you\u8217\'92d put it into consideration as }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 one}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of your choices, not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 nose-dive}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  into it!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 want}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to go to Tokyo University,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Haruki said, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito exhaled sharply, pinching the bridge of his nose. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 he started, his voice filled with exasperation. \u8220\'93Did at least your parents approve of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Haruki said in a sing-songy tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito stared at her, deadpan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko snorted, clapping Haruki on the back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you\u8217\'92re in for an interesting conversation at home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki grinned, twirling her pencil between her fingers. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m well aware.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito groaned, dropping his head onto his desk in defeat, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re crazy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki shrugged, her pencil still moving. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe. But it\u8217\'92s my future, not theirs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko leaned back in her chair, running a hand through her hair. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow. I mean, I knew you were stubborn, but this is next level. What are you going to do when they find out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile faltered for a moment, but she quickly recovered. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll deal with it when the time comes,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone casual. \u8220\'93For now, I\u8217\'92m just happy I finally made a decision.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re unbelievable, you know that? But hey, It takes guts to go after what you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki chuckled, her smug expression softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks. That means a lot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bell rang, signaling the start of class, and the room filled with the sound of shuffling papers and murmured conversations. Haruki closed her sketchbook and tucked it into her bag, her mind already wandering to the future. For the first time in a long time, she felt like she was in control of her own destiny.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The school day had ended, and the hallways buzzed with the chatter of students heading to clubs, cram school, or home. Haruki stretched her arms above her head as she walked, a grin spreading across her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ahh, I\u8217\'92ve been waiting for this all week,\u8221\'94 she mused aloud. \u8220\'93Today\u8217\'92s the plein air session! I wonder where we\u8217\'92ll go this time. Maybe the riverside? Or that garden behind the old shrine? Ugh, I can\u8217\'92t wait to just sit outside and paint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko trailed beside her, shaking her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re way too excited for someone who just turned their entire career plan into an act of rebellion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Behind them, Akihito sighed, his hands stuffed into his pockets as he matched their pace. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you\u8217\'92d at least talk with your parents and try to convince them, Haruki,\u8221\'94 he said, his tone serious. \u8220\'93Arguing against your parents is one thing, but going against them is another.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 Aiko chimed in, nodding sagely. \u8220\'93You know, like, make a PowerPoint presentation or something. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Top Ten Reasons Why I Should Go to Art School.\u8217\'92}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re siding with }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 him,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Aiko? I thought you were all about rebelling against parental expectations with me.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 know,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Aiko groaned dramatically, throwing her hands up. \u8220\'93But me arguing with my parents is one thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we argue all the time. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 You}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  arguing with }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 your}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  parents is another thing entirely.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 She gave Haruki a pointed look. \u8220\'93Your parents are }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 scary.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, look.\u8221\'94 Akihito shot her a skeptical glance. \u8220\'93Tell me you\u8217\'92ve at least discussed this with one of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki smirked but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t slow her pace. \u8220\'93I talked with my mom,\u8221\'94 she said simply.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito narrowed his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And your dad?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He wasn\u8217\'92t around,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice casual. \u8220\'93But I don\u8217\'92t think he\u8217\'92d care.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito let out a sharp breath, running a hand through his hair. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re crazy,\u8221\'94 he muttered. \u8220\'93Do you even hear yourself? Your dad\u8217\'92s not just some businessman\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92s the CEO of a major automotive company. Of }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 course}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d care!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki stopped in her tracks and turned to face him, her expression calm but unwavering. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, he wasn\u8217\'92t around,\u8221\'94 she said, emphasizing each word. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 never}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  around. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s too busy with work to care about what I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito frowned but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t argue. Aiko shifted uncomfortably beside them, her gaze darting between the two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki sighed, gripping her sketchbook tighter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I know it sounds reckless, but I can\u8217\'92t keep waiting for their approval. If I do, I\u8217\'92ll never get to live my life. I have to take this step, even if it\u8217\'92s scary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not the point. You might not care about what }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 they}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  think, but they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll definitely care about }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  going against them. And your parents aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exactly the \u8216\'91let it go\u8217\'92 type.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki nodded, a small smile tugging at her lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. But I\u8217\'92ll figure it out. I always do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Haruki sled the door open to the arts club room, the room was buzzing with energy as club members prepared for their weekly }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 plein air}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  session. Easels were being adjusted, canvases stacked, sketchbooks flipped open, and tubes of paint uncapped. The faint scent of oil paint and graphite filled the air, mixing with the chatter of students discussing the best locations for today\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s outing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the center of it all, like a captain amidst a storm of creativity, stood Makoto, the Art Club\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s president. He was giving instructions to a group of younger students, gesturing animatedly with a charcoal stick in hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But as Haruki scanned the room, something unusual caught her eye\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 someone who definitely wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a regular in the Art Club.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Kitagawa.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki stiffened. What was the school counselor doing here?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko and Akihito entered behind her, the three of them exchanging wary glances. Before Haruki could dwell on it, Makoto\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice rang out over the hum of activity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haruki! Mrs. Kitagawa wants to see you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A murmur of curiosity rippled through the club, but everyone quickly went back to their preparations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki exhaled, schooling her expression into something neutral. She slung her bag off her shoulder, setting it down in the corner, before making her way toward Mrs. Kitagawa.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki crossed her arms, shifting her weight slightly as she faced Mrs. Kitagawa. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If this is about my Career Plans form, I swear I submitted it this morning,\u8221\'94 she said, forcing a small, confident smile. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t forget.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Kitagawa nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I received it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki tilted her head. Then what is it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But that\u8217\'92s not why I called you here,\u8221\'94 Mrs. Kitagawa continued, her tone even, measured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach dipped slightly. Her fingers curled around the strap of her bag. \u8220\'93Then\u8230\'85 why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a pause.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Kitagawa exhaled softly before delivering the news. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your father is in the teacher\u8217\'92s office. He\u8217\'92s here to pick you up for a family occasion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki felt the words before she fully processed them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a strange weight settling in her chest, as if the air had thickened around her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her grip tightened on her bag. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Kitagawa\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression remained gentle but firm. \u8220\'93Your father requested that you leave with him immediately.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulse quickened. This had to be a mistake. Her father never just }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 showed up}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  like this. He was supposed to be }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 too busy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  for things like unannounced visits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And today\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 today}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was the club\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 plein air}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  session.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I have club activities,\u8221\'94 she argued, her voice steadier than she felt. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re heading out for }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 plein air}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  today, and Makoto needs my help with the first-years\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  be absent.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand,\u8221\'94 Mrs. Kitagawa said, her voice soft but unwavering. \u8220\'93But this is your father\u8217\'92s request.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Request.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No, this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 request.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  It was an order.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The weight in her chest sank lower. There was no room for negotiation here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slowly, reluctantly, she turned toward Akihito. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you cover for me?\u8221\'94 she asked, her voice quieter now. \u8220\'93Help Makoto with the first-years?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito hesitated for a fraction of a second before nodding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Don\u8217\'92t worry about it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki swallowed, then reached for her bag. The excitement from earlier\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the rush of stepping into the clubroom, the anticipation of an afternoon spent outside with paint and sunlight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was gone, drained out of her like ink washing away in the rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without another word, she followed Mrs. Kitagawa toward the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko and Akihito stood in silence, watching her go. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki trailed behind Mrs. Kitagawa, her steps slower than they needed to be, as if dragging her feet might somehow delay the inevitable.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 This is it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The thought settled heavily in her chest, dull and suffocating. She watched as the club rooms passed by\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 each doorway revealing glimpses of students lost in their passions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The soft melody of a violin drifted from the music room, accompanied by the occasional stumble of fingers pressing the wrong note. Someone in the literature club gestured wildly as they debated over a novel, voices overlapping in a lively discussion. Inside the manga club, students huddled around a table, sketching, erasing, redrawing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 completely immersed in their craft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were all doing what they loved. Pursuing what made them }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 feel alive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki swallowed hard. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 And I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m walking the green mile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She felt it with every step\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like she was heading toward something final, something irreversible. As if, the moment she reached that office, she wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just be facing her father.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be facing the end of her dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her fingers tightened around the strap of her bag.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 No. Not yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She kept walking, but the weight in her chest only grew heavier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki stepped into the teacher\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office, her breath catching for a split second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There he was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nagano Fujiyama.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even in the casual setting of a school, he exuded the same commanding presence that made boardrooms fall silent upon his arrival. His tailored suit sat flawlessly on his frame, not a crease in sight. His dark hair, streaked with silver, was neatly pulled back, revealing sharp, assessing eyes that took in everything without a hint of warmth. Around his fingers gleamed heavy rings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 symbols of wealth and power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The nametag still hung from his neck, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 CEO of Fujiyama Automotive Company.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  As if he needed a reminder. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 she}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Kitagawa cleared her throat lightly, stepping aside as he offered her a slight bow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Thanks for bringing my daughter," he said smoothly, his voice even, businesslike. Then, finally, he turned his gaze on Haruki.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haruki\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just her name. Simple. Unreadable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She gripped the strap of her bag, her heartbeat quickening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Come," he said, gesturing toward the hallway. "We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to talk."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a request.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}