{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie sat back in his chair. Fingers flexing in frustration, the Lead on his desk still staring back at him like some cruel joke. The pressure was beginning to take its toll. The weight started to settle in his chest as he racked his brain. Trying desperately to pull anything from his memories that might help him. His mind flickered between the different phases of his life. His childhood in Weshaven, the long hours spent working with his father in the apothecary, the few years he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d spent at Aella Academy before his expulsion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but nothing seemed to connect.}
\par\plain {The faces of his classmates from the academy blurred into one indistinct mass. The late-night lessons with Catherine, like a forgotten dream. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t recall a single instance when he had been taught to turn lead into Gold\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 because }{\f0\fs24\i1 that}{ had never been something to learn.}
\par\plain {Then, the memory of Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gruff, determined voice cut through the fog. The long hours spent in her company. Her relentless drive to push him to his limits. To teach him not only alchemy, but to question everything he thought he knew. The way she drilled into him the concept that Alchemy wasn\u8217\'92t about following orders or repeating ancient rituals.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alchemy is about turning something ordinary into extraordinary,\u8221\'94 Catherine had said. \u8220\'93From meaninglessness to something with meaning. From Lead to Gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie winced at the words. Her meaning was clear, but it felt impossible to apply to the task. He shook his head, pressing his palms against his eyes in frustration. He was stuck, hopelessly caught between wanting to respect her teachings and the glaring, irrefutable fact that }{\f0\fs24\i1 this}{\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the task before him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was a concept too grand to even fathom.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck it,\u8221\'94 Eddie muttered aloud, the words slipping out of him in exasperation. \u8220\'93This is meaningless anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {For a moment, he just stared at the Lead. The harsh, dull metal that mocked him. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Lead to Gold}{\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was a mantra, an ideal. But what if it was nothing more than a meaningless, unattainable dream? Wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t alchemy about transformation? About change? And yet, here he was, caught in the impossible.}
\par\plain {Then, with a sudden snap, the idea hit him. A thought so simple it felt almost like a revelation. }{\f0\fs24\i1 What if I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t have to make Lead into Gold?}{ What if he could prove it instead of trying to achieve the impossible? What if he could write down why this task was }{\f0\fs24\i1 impossible}{?}
\par\plain {He slammed his palms down on the desk, forcing the tools and papers to shake with force. The decision had been made. Eddie wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to try and turn the Lead into Gold. No. He wasn\u8217\'92t crazy. He wasn\u8217\'92t going to throw himself into a futile task. Instead, he would write. He would prove to everyone in this room, to every idealistic bastard watching, that it could never be done.}
\par\plain {Eddie grabbed the nearest parchment and a quill. The nib trembling in his hand as he started to write. The words poured out of him. Not with the desperation of someone trying to make an impossible thing happen. But with the clear, focused conviction of someone standing firm against a lie.}
\par\plain {He would show them in excruciating detail. The reasons why turning Lead into Gold was }{\f0\fs24\i1 impossible}{. He would go through the codices he had studied. Citing the scrolls, Catherine forced him to read and write down every bit of alchemical knowledge that made the task unachievable.}
\par\plain {Eddie felt his breath steady for the first time since this challenge had started. A glimmer of resolve ignited within him. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t crazy. He wasn\u8217\'92t some na\u239\'EFve kid who had misunderstood what alchemy was. No. Alchemy was about meaning. It was about purpose. And this task\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the one he had been handed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was the perfect opportunity to show that even in a world of magic and science, some things were just beyond reach.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers gripped the quill harder. The ink flowed smoothly as he began to scribble down his theory. }{\f0\fs24\i1 What if Lead could be turned into Gold?}{ He would tear down the myth, lay bare the truth, and prove to everyone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 especially Emma Somers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that }{\f0\fs24\i1 some things can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be done.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s see how they like the truth,\u8221\'94 Eddie muttered as he continued writing.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The sky outside the testing hall had shifted. Its colours now blend orange and purple, casting a warm, ethereal glow over the room. The flickering light reflected off the polished surfaces of the desks and tools. Marking the passing of time. The scent of ink and parchment still lingered in the air. But the mood had shifted, becoming tense as the last moments of the test came to a close.}
\par\plain {The announcer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice boomed, clear and commanding, shattering the silence. \u8220\'93Time is up! All candidates are to submit the result of their task to the examiner in the next room!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A chorus of grumbling rose from the candidates. Some of them sigh in defeat, others shaking their heads in frustration. The task had been more gruelling than they expected. For many, the impossible challenge had left them with little to show for it.}
\par\plain {Slowly, the candidates began to stand. Their movements are heavy with the weight of their failure. Some, like the older alchemist near Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desk, carried their results, but not with pride. The Gold he held in his hands was impure, a mockery of the golden perfection they were supposed to achieve. It looked like Gold from a distance, but the imperfections were too glaring to ignore up close. His shoulders slumped as he gazed down at the mess he\u8217\'92d made. It was a hollow victory, the result one could only present with a sense of resignation.}
\par\plain {As the man gathered his things. He glanced over at Eddie, still hunched at his desk, a figure almost too still amidst the surrounding motion. Eddie hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t moved, his back hunched, his silver hair falling over his brow as he scribbled fiercely. The man noted the clean desk in front of him, untouched by alchemical tools or spilt materials. Unlike the others, whose desks were filled with charred parchment, broken equipment, and hastily drawn diagrams, Eddie\u8217\'92s desk remained neat, his only sign of progress the array of scrolls he\u8217\'92d been writing on.}
\par\plain {A tinge of curiosity mixed with his disbelief as he approached Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desk. His footsteps were slow and hesitant. \u8220\'93Um, young sir,\u8221\'94 he began, his voice unsure, \u8220\'93The time is up. You should head to the examiner.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look up. His fingers continued to scrawl furiously across the parchment. Eyes locked on the words in front of him, as though the test was not over and he could finish what he had set out to do. His brow furrowed, the ink on his quill drying in the faint, warm light of the room.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Five more minutes,\u8221\'94 Eddie muttered under his breath, a statement of utter conviction.}
\par\plain {The older alchemist stood momentarily longer, watching Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unwavering focus. It was strange\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this young man, sitting amidst a sea of failure, so determined. He turned away slowly, his impure Gold hanging heavily in his hand. The weight of his own doubts mirrored in the younger man\u8217\'92s steadfastness. The older candidate\u8217\'92s eyes lingered for a moment longer on Eddie\u8217\'92s desk, then he left, the sound of his footsteps fading as he made his way to the examiner\u8217\'92s room.}
\par\plain {Eddie, still hunched over his scrolls, ignored the man\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s departure. His world was contained within the ink lines before him, and he wouldn\u8217\'92t stop now. There was no time for doubts, no time for second guesses. He had a purpose. He had to prove something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not to anyone else but himself.}
\par\plain {As the last few minutes ticked away. The orange light outside deepened, casting long shadows across Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desk. His quill scratched the parchment, the soft sound the only sign of life in the otherwise still room. And though he knew he would not be bringing Gold before the examiners. Eddie was more confident than ever that what he had written\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what he had set out to prove\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was the honest answer to this impossible test.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Master Alchemist Magnus Borman sat in the examination room. Flipping through the results with a deep frown. His eyes scanned the various reports, each more disheartening than the last. The candidates had not impressed him in the slightest. He sighed heavily, his breath a mix of exhaustion and disappointment. The Gold produced by the candidates was impure. Full of imperfections that made it almost laughable. Some had even resorted to illusion spells to trick. Tricking the examiners into thinking they had succeeded. Others hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even bothered to transmute their Lead at all. It was as if the essence of alchemy had been lost to these so-called \u8220\'93prodigies.\u8221\'94 His mind wandered to the past, to the alchemists who had once dazzled him with their brilliance, the ones who had been faithful to the craft.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there any great Alchemist still around?\u8221\'94 he muttered, his tone tinged with exhaustion and disappointment.}
\par\plain {Emma Somers perched elegantly in her chair. Sipped her tea, her gaze flicking briefly over to Borman. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There might be one,\u8221\'94 she replied, her voice calm and measured. \u8220\'93This one is a student and niece of the renowned Master Alchemist Catherine, the Elf.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The Wizard Aelfric looked up from the results with a raised brow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94 he asked, his interest piqued. \u8220\'93The Elf had a niece?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Emma nodded as she set her cup down on the saucer, her expression unreadable. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was her adopted sister. She lived with the Welton family for many years and considers Alyssa Welton to be her own sister. They\u8217\'92re not blood-related, but that\u8217\'92s what they are to each other.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Very interesting,\u8221\'94 Wizard Aelfric chimed in, his voice light and amused as he added sugar to his tea. The Chancellor of Edenfield University was intrigued, the notion of a niece of such a legendary alchemist catching his attention. \u8220\'93I hadn\u8217\'92t heard of this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Borman nodded slowly, his fingers tapping the edge of the table. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is said that she\u8217\'92s an entirely different league. It\u8217\'92s not an easy path, following in Catherine the Elf\u8217\'92s footsteps.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Emma gave a slight nod, eyes sharp and focused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Indeed. Let\u8217\'92s see what this young one has accomplished.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Wizard Aelfric chuckled softly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well then, let\u8217\'92s not keep him waiting. Can we move on to the next candidate?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Emma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze flicked toward the announcer as she gave a subtle nod. The announcer, standing nearby, understood the signal and stepped forward. Preparing to call the next name.}
\par\plain {The announcer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice boomed through the hall. Cutting through the air with precision and authority. \u8220\'93Edward Welton, please go to the examination room!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Borman, Aelfric, and Emma turned their attention toward the door. Their thoughts all momentarily on the young man who would soon be entering. Edward Welton. A name that meant little to most but could hold the promise of something extraordinary. They waited, intrigued by what he might bring to the table.}
\par\plain {Eddie entered the examination room. His unruly silver hair fell around his determined, slightly angry face. His green eyes glinted with a fire that had only been fuelled by the day\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s frustration. He strode to the desk. Looking carefully at the three examiners. Master Alchemist Borman, Wizard Aelfric, and Emma Somers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 were seated before him. The air in the room was tense, but Eddie stood resolutely. As if the weight of the test had already been settled in his mind.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, if you please, the exam result,\u8221\'94 Master Alchemist Borman said. His voice was crisp and commanding.}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hesitate. With a deep breath, he placed his scrolls on the desk, the paper unassuming at first glance. But the quiet confidence in his posture said otherwise. He met Borman\u8217\'92s gaze, his expression unwavering.}
\par\plain {The examiners exchanged puzzled looks. Borman raised an eyebrow, his lips curling into a smirk. There was a subtle trace of offence in his tone as he spoke, his words coated with a hint of sarcasm.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I remembered correctly,\u8221\'94 Borman began. Leaning forward with a sharp glint in his eyes, \u8220\'93The task is to turn Lead into gold, not Lead into papers, Mr Welton.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t flinch. Instead, he remained focused, his voice steady as he responded.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is simply impossible, sir,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, calm but firm. \u8220\'93So I didn\u8217\'92t bother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Borman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed, his irritation growing. A flicker of intrigue lingered beneath the surface. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t even return the Lead?\u8221\'94 he asked, incredulity in his voice. \u8220\'93Now, what makes you think we won\u8217\'92t fail you right here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A tense silence filled the room, the weight of Borman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words hanging heavily in the air. Eddie stood his ground, his jaw set, refusing to be intimidated. The examiners continued to scrutinise him. Each one weighed his decision and tried to understand what he had done.}
\par\plain {Ever the observer, Emma Somers studied Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face carefully, her expression unreadable. She had seen potential in this boy before. But now, with his unorthodox approach. She wondered if he had just crossed the line between genius and madness. He is, indeed, the apprentice of Catherine the Elf. Wizard Aelfric, who had remained silent until now, tilted his head thoughtfully, his ancient eyes scanning Eddie\u8217\'92s demeanour.}
\par\plain {The silence stretched, and Eddie could feel the eyes of the examiners on him, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t flinch. He knew he had done the right thing. After all, this was a test not just of skill, but of understanding the true nature of alchemy itself.}
\par\plain {It was Borman who broke the silence, his voice low and measured. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What exactly do you expect us to learn from this, Mr Welton? This is not a test of your beliefs. This is a test of your capability. And as far as I can see, you\u8217\'92ve wasted your time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes didn\u8217\'92t waver. \u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t wasted anything. I\u8217\'92ve done exactly what alchemy teaches us. Transformation is about understanding the limits of what is possible and recognising when the impossible is just a lie we\u8217\'92ve been taught to believe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Emma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze softened ever so slightly, impressed by his conviction. Aelfric raised a brow, intrigued by Eddie\u8217\'92s response. Borman, however, remained unimpressed. His mouth tightened into a thin line, his disappointment evident.}
\par\plain {As the examiners looked at the scrolls Eddie had placed before them, the tension in the room was palpable. Eddie, his silver hair still falling messily around his face. He now stood behind a large whiteboard. Dragging it into place with a steady, determined grip. The motion caught the examiners\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 attention, who slowly shifted their focus from the scrolls to Eddie himself.}
\par\plain {Master Alchemist Borman, still sceptical, folded his arms. The glint of curiosity was starting to edge into his sharp gaze. Wizard Aelfric\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes, though ancient and calm, sparked with a flicker of intrigue. Emma Somers, always composed, leaned forward slightly, the faintest trace of a smile tugging at the corner of her lips as she waited for Eddie to explain himself.}
\par\plain {Eddie cleared his throat. Glancing at the three of them before he began, his voice steady and unwavering. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is no way for lead to turn into gold,\u8221\'94 he started, the weight of his words sinking in. \u8220\'93Alchemy isn\u8217\'92t about bending reality to meet impossible standards as it was with Sorcery and Conjuration. Alchemy is about understanding the limits of nature. And, when those limits are found, knowing where to push them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ethically, with purpose, as cited in Sage Myrddin\u8217\'92s codex Ethics of Magic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The room was silent as Eddie approached the chalkboard, picking up a piece of chalk. He drew a series of complicated diagrams, symbols, and intricate notations. His hands moved with a fluidity that suggested a deep familiarity with the subject matter. His eyes were intense, focused on the board, but he spoke as if he were in a lecture, explaining his thoughts aloud.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This test asked for Lead to Gold,\u8221\'94 Eddie continued. His tone is now a mix of frustration and awe, \u8220\'93But alchemy tells us that such a thing is a myth. A metaphor for a transformation that is spiritual and not physical, as cited by Master Alchemist Catherine, The Elf. Lead is a base metal, but it symbolises something more. It represents potential, untapped power.\u8221\'94 He glanced at Borman briefly before continuing. The words flowed from him as he recalled the teachings of Catherine. \u8220\'93However, the texts, the codices I\u8217\'92ve studied. Tell us that, with the proper methodology, one could create a hypothetical pathway to transmute Lead into something closer to Gold. Not in a simple, transmutative sense, but through a deeper understanding of materials, energy, and elemental forces.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He paused, running his hand through his hair in frustration. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve crafted this hypothetical analysis. A detailed procedure. Mixing theory and practice, drawing from ancient techniques taught by Catherine the Elf. Some dating back thousands of years. These aren\u8217\'92t just spell formulas, but techniques that consider the nature of the base metals, their relationship to Gold, and the raw energy required for such an endeavour.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The room was quiet as Eddie turned to the board, walking them through the steps of the spell he had devised. There were complex symbols, sigils, and diagrams, each an integral part of the process. Eddie spoke quickly, explaining how the technique must be executed under precise conditions. With the right catalyst and ancient text passed down through generations of scholars and alchemists.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By combining elemental transmutation techniques,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, \u8220\'93And incorporating older, almost forgotten spells. Ones only a few would know\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I believe you could, in theory, create the conditions needed for Lead to transform into Gold. Not by physical means alone. But by manipulating the inherent energies within both metals, balancing them.\u8221\'94 He finished with a flourish. Stepping back, his chest rising and falling as he exhaled. His eyes scanned the three examiners\u8217\'92 expressions.}
\par\plain {Master Alchemist Borman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth was slightly ajar as he studied Eddie\u8217\'92s work. He had expected a failure. Something half-hearted, perhaps a hastily scribbled theory or nonsense. Instead, there was structure, logic, and depth to Eddie\u8217\'92s reasoning.}
\par\plain {Wizard Aelfric was nodding slowly, his fingers stroking his beard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve taken what was meant to be a challenge and turned it into an exploration of possibility, \u8220\'93 He murmured, more to himself than anyone else.}
\par\plain {Emma Somers was still as composed as ever, though now her eyes had an appreciative gleam. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The test asked for transmutation,\u8221\'94 she said, quiet but approving. \u8220\'93Not just of Lead to Gold, but of thought\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 transforming a seemingly impossible task into something meaningful. You\u8217\'92ve done that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The room seemed to hold its breath. Borman exhaled sharply, shaking his head with frustration and respect. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A lot of words, Mr. Welton,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice still stern. \u8220\'93But no gold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie met his gaze, unflinching. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, sir. There is no gold. There\u8217\'92s a truth, though. A gold that cannot be touched, only understood.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Emma glanced at the scrolls Eddie had placed before them and then back at him, her voice soft but firm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve done something no one else here has done, Eddie. You didn\u8217\'92t just try to follow an impossible directive. You questioned it, challenged it, and turned it into a meaningful exploration.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Aelfric chuckled softly, leaning back in his chair. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The boy\u8217\'92s stubborn, but he has the spirit of an Alchemist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Emma sighed, smiling, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the apprentice of Catherine the Elf for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Borman sighed, his disappointment still evident but tempered by a grudging respect. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps\u8230\'85 but can an Alchemist afford to spend so much time on what is impossible?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie stood a little straighter, his voice steady. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe it\u8217\'92s impossible now. But it\u8217\'92s never a waste to explore the boundaries of the impossible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {There was a long pause. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s scrolls\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his answer to the task\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 were laid out before the examiners, unlike the other candidates. Eddie had not presented Gold or fake Gold. But something far more valuable in the eyes of the examiners: a way of thinking. Feeling the weight of his mentor\u8217\'92s teachings and his own frustrations. It finally comes together in a meaningful way. The impossible had been challenged. And that, he thought, was the actual goal.}
\par\plain {Eddie stood there, watching the three examiners scribble notes on their notepads. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but feel exhaustion and relief wash over him. The weight of the test, the tension in the room, the suffocating pressure of the impossible task\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was all over now. He\u8217\'92d done his part.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You may not have successfully transmuted Lead to Gold in the traditional sense, Mr Welton. But you\u8217\'92ve proven something else. You\u8217\'92ve proven you understand Alchemy better than most other candidates.\u8221\'94 Master Borman muttered, his voice dripping with reluctant approval. But there was no mistaking the thin veil of annoyance in his tone, his pride clearly bruised. He didn\u8217\'92t like being outshone, especially not by a young candidate with unruly silver hair and a cocky, confident air about him.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now get the hell out of my examination room,\u8221\'94 Borman finished, his stern gaze unwavering.}
\par\plain {Eddie caught the slight twitch of Borman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lip. The barely contained irritation in his voice and it made him smirk just slightly. }{\f0\fs24\i1 A blow to his ego,}{ Eddie thought, but he wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t rub it in. He didn\u8217\'92t have to. His own rigid approach to the test had already bested by him.}
\par\plain {Wizard Aelfric, on the other hand, seemed far more entertained. A glint of pleasure danced in his eyes as he leaned back in his chair. He was clearly satisfied with Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s performance. His hands moved lazily, absentmindedly adjusting his robes as he let out a low chuckle, clearly pleased with how things unfolded. }{\f0\fs24\i1 A clever young one,}{ Aelfric must have been thinking. }{\f0\fs24\i1 He is not easily deterred and quick on his feet.}
\par\plain {Emma Somers, though, smiled at Eddie in a way that felt both approving and secretive. There was no outward judgment, only a subtle satisfaction in her expression. The slight arch of her brow said more than words ever could. She, at least, seemed to appreciate the depth of his answer. Not merely because he had defied the task\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s original constraints, but for how he had reframed the entire test in a new light.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can get the souvenirs at the reception desk on your way out, Mr Welton,\u8221\'94 Emma said. Her voice was gentle, yet still carrying that hint of authority that made it clear she was in charge of the candidates\u8217\'92 fates.}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded, stifling a smile as he approached the door, only for Emma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice to stop him. \u8220\'93Oh, and before you leave, Edward\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she called out, her tone laced with just enough amusement to catch his attention.}
\par\plain {Eddie paused, half-turning back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Emma met his eyes, her smile widening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not fighting a bear with a toothpick,\u8221\'94 she said, her words soft yet pointed. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re much more capable than you give yourself credit for.\u8221\'94 She gave him a knowing look.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheeks flushed, a wave of embarrassment creeping over him. He managed a sheepish smile, scratching the back of his head. \u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85 Thank you, Mrs Somers,\u8221\'94 he muttered, cheeks warm as he tried to hold on to his remaining dignity, knowing she had heard him curse back in the examination room.}
\par\plain {Without a word, Eddie turned and exited the examination room. The door clicked shut behind him with a finality that made his chest rise and fall in a heavy breath. The hallway outside was quiet, the faint echo of footsteps from other candidates still lingering in the air.}
\par\plain {He made his way to the reception desk, each step feeling lighter as the weight of the exam and its uncertainty fell away from him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Souvenirs,}{ he thought with a half-smile. It seemed almost fitting. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come out of the exam with Gold but with something more valuable: an answer, his own. And that was worth far more than any gilded trophy. }}