{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {As they continued walking through the courtyard. Catherine's expression shifted. A glint of something thoughtful appeared in her eyes. She paused for a moment, looking out at the trees as if she were piecing together a memory. "You know," she said casually, "I remember when I first arrived in Weshaven. You told me you were off to university\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Edenfield, right? Big dreams and all that." }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie winced, feeling the weight of the lie he'd told her back then. His hands tightened around the ring in his pocket. "I know, I know," he muttered, frustration creeping into his voice. "I know I shouldn't have lied. I didn't go to any university. I'm not on any sort of scholarship. I'm just a kid expelled from a magic academy and stuck in his father's shop, that's all." }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Catherine's eyes softened, but there was a firmness in her voice as she spoke. "That's not what I meant, Eddie." She paused, }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Catherine is stepping closer to him, her tone dropping lower, more serious. "Do you want to pursue that for real?" }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {Eddie stopped, his heart skipping a beat. He turned to face her. Expecting some kind of punchline. Catherine always had a way of lightening the mood with a joke, especially when things got too serious. But this time, there was no joke. Her gaze was unwavering, the kind of seriousness he didn't often see from her. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The silence hung between them, and Eddie was at a loss for words. For a moment, it felt like his entire past, failures, and doubts were standing before him. Laid bare for Catherine to see. He had always been good at deflecting, hiding behind humour or charm, but this was different. She was asking him a question that required more than just an answer\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was a question about his future, his choice to really face what lay ahead. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie shifted his weight from one foot to the other, a knot forming in his stomach. He opened his mouth, but no words came out. What could he say? That he wanted to be someone more than the disappointment he felt he was? That he could really see himself pursuing magic again after everything?}
\par\plain {He let out a long sigh. "I don't know. I haven't exactly given it much thought lately." He paused, then looked her in the eye.}
\par\plain {Catherine stood there, her gaze softer than before. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm, I suppose you\u8217\'92re right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked, caught off guard. For a moment, he thought he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d misheard her. Catherine\u8230\'85 agreeing with him? Not pushing, not nudging, not prodding him with yet another half-hearted motivational speech? His confusion deepened as she turned and began walking again.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, her voice gentle but steady. \u8220\'93I suppose these past few weeks I\u8217\'92ve been pushing you too hard. \u8216\'91Eddie, why not this, why not that,\u8217\'92\u8221\'94 she added with a faint chuckle, shaking her head. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been so caught up in what I think is best for you that I didn\u8217\'92t stop to think how much it might\u8217\'92ve hurt you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie stood rooted to the spot, watching her walk ahead. The words settled over him like a weight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 heavy and suffocating. She had finally given up. After all her pushing, nagging, and coaxing, she was done.}
\par\plain {And for the first time, the thought of Catherine stopping felt far worse than any of her nagging ever had.}
\par\plain {This is it, Eddie thought, his chest tightening. This is how it happens. You stop arguing, you stop trying, and you go back to the apothecary, back to Weshaven, back to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {Back to a mundane life.}
\par\plain {She turned and continued walking, her pace unhurried. Eddie trailed behind her, the weight in his chest growing heavier with every step.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nothing wrong with staying here in Weshaven, I suppose.\u8221\'94 Catherine went on, her voice soft, almost wistful. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s quaint, beautiful, calm. And being an apothecary here, in the middle of all this\u8230\'85 I think there is nothing wrong with it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 No}{.}
\par\plain {The word struck him like a thunderclap, reverberating through his entire being.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 No, There is something wrong with that, in fact, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s wrong to him.}
\par\plain {His feet moved before his mind caught up. He stepped forward, his voice rising before he could second-guess himself.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s wrong for me, Catherine!\u8221\'94 Eddie interrupted, his voice breaking as he stopped in his tracks.}
\par\plain {She stopped and turned, surprised by the sudden outburst.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s wrong for me to just stay here and pretend this is enough,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice trembling. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s wrong for me to give up on Alchemy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the one thing I\u8217\'92ve ever been truly passionate about! Do you know what it feels like to love something so much it\u8217\'92s all you think about? I can\u8217\'92t stop seeing the formulas in my head, dreaming about what I could create, what I could become. It\u8217\'92s like a fire inside me, and every day I stay here, it dims just a little more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His voice cracked, but he pushed through, the words spilling out as if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been holding them back for years.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve spent so much time lying to everyone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 my parents, my friends, you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and pretending I don\u8217\'92t care, but I do. I care so much it hurts. I can\u8217\'92t keep pretending that this\u8230\'85 this little life here in Weshaven is what I want. It\u8217\'92s not. It\u8217\'92s never been enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes softened, her lips parting as if to speak, but Eddie didn\u8217\'92t let her.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you know what\u8217\'92s worst of all?\u8221\'94 His voice dropped to a near-whisper. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been lying to myself. Telling myself I can be happy here, that I can make this work. But I can\u8217\'92t. Because deep down, I know who I am, and I know what I want. I don\u8217\'92t want to be an apothecary. I don\u8217\'92t want to stay in this quiet, deadbeat hamlet, watching the years slip away.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He looked at her, his expression filled with a mixture of desperation and resolve.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s wrong for me to give up on my dreams, Catherine. It\u8217\'92s wrong for me to not go to Edenfield.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The courtyard fell silent, save for the faint rustle of leaves in the breeze. Eddie stood there, his chest heaving as if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just run a great distance. For the first time in years, he felt the weight on his shoulders lift, replaced by a flicker of hope.}
\par\plain {Eddie pressed forward, his steps heavy, his outburst echoing in his own ears. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look back at Catherine, too embarrassed by the rawness he\u8217\'92d just exposed.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry for the outburst,\u8221\'94 he muttered, trying to sound nonchalant, though his voice wavered. \u8220\'93But I guess it\u8217\'92s all too late now, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is not,\u8221\'94 Catherine replied firmly, her voice carrying an undeniable conviction as she quickly caught up to him.}
\par\plain {Eddie stopped, turning his head just enough to glance at her. He scoffed bitterly, shoving his hands into his pockets. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The recommendation letter for the Sage\u8217\'92s Institute Scholarship has expired, Catherine,\u8221\'94 he said, his tone biting, though the bitterness was clearly aimed at himself. \u8220\'93What should I do? Walk in with an expired recommendation letter from seven years ago and beg for them to take me back?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine grinned slyly, the corners of her mouth quirking up as she tilted her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone playful. \u8220\'93I guess you could make that work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked, caught off guard by her lightheartedness. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Before he could finish, Catherine reached into the pocket of her medical gown, her movements deliberate yet casual. From it, she withdrew a gleaming brass card, holding it up between two fingers. The metallic surface caught the sunlight, casting a faint shimmer.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed as he focused on the object. He stepped closer, his curiosity overriding his frustration. The brass card bore Catherine\u8217\'92s name etched in elegant script, alongside an intricate alchemical symbol: a circle intertwined with a rectangle and a triangle.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell them I sent you,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, her voice steady, almost daring him to argue.}
\par\plain {Eddie froze, staring at the card, the weight of her words sinking in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine\u8230\'85 what is this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my recommendation,\u8221\'94 she explained, her tone softening. \u8220\'93I may not be the head of the Sage\u8217\'92s Institute, but I\u8217\'92ve got enough credibility in Alchemy circles that they\u8217\'92ll have to think twice before dismissing you. An expired recommendation? That\u8217\'92s nothing. Not when they see this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His fingers twitched, and he reached out hesitantly, as if the brass card might vanish if he moved too quickly. When he finally took it, he felt the cool, smooth metal against his palm. It was heavier than he expected, carrying not just its physical weight but also the weight of her belief in him.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8230\'85 you\u8217\'92d really do this for me?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked, his voice barely above a whisper.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, her expression softening into something more genuine. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen what you can do, Eddie. I know how much Alchemy means to you. And if you want this, if you really want to go to Edenfield, then I\u8217\'92ll stand by you. You\u8217\'92re not alone in this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat tightened, and for a moment, he couldn\u8217\'92t find the words. He looked at the card again, then back at Catherine, who gave him an encouraging nod.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you,\u8221\'94 he said finally,}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t thank me yet,\u8221\'94 Catherine replied with a smirk. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve still got a long road ahead.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie held the brass card tightly, a sense of determination reigniting within him. For the first time in years, the dream that felt so distant now seemed just within reach.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch }