{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Markus, breathe.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie straightened, his pulse quickening.  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happened to Catherine?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus shook his head rapidly, his breath still ragged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I don\u8217\'92t know! It all happened so fast\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Slow down, Mark,\u8221\'94 Eddie pressed, stepping closer. \u8220\'93What did you see? What attacked Catherine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip tightened around the rifle as he cast a wary glance over his shoulder, as if expecting something to lunge from the shadows. His voice came in a whisper, hoarse with disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was\u8230\'85 like a dragon.\u8221\'94 He swallowed. \u8220\'93But its eyes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He squeezed his own shut, as if trying to unsee the memory. When they opened again, they were filled with something raw, something barely held together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It had six pairs of them. Red. Watching. Burning.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach turned to ice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His mind stuttered, refusing to process what he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just heard. His breath felt short, his heartbeat a slow, echoing drum in his ears.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Six pairs of eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His hands clenched into fists, nails digging into his palms. But the answer had already lodged itself in his gut, a cold, immovable weight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rifle trembled in his hands, the barrel still pointed toward the trees\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 toward the unseen thing lurking just beyond their fragile circle of light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie forced himself to speak, his voice hollow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the fucking sentinel.\u8221\'94 He swallowed, the name like lead on his tongue.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93The Nightingale Dragon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence settled over them, thick and suffocating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze flickered to Markus, who was still gripping the rifle like a lifeline, his breath uneven. He turned to Torrie, whose fists were clenched at her sides, her jaw tight with unspoken fear. The three of them stood in the golden glow of the Eden Flowers, their faces pale, eyes searching one another\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 seeking answers neither of them had.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What are we going do?" Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was barely more than a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93W-we should help her\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Torrie responded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you insane?!\u8221\'94 he hissed. \u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t even know if she\u8217\'92s still\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Still what?\u8221\'94 Torrie shot back. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s out there, and we\u8217\'92re just standing here? We should get help from town!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There is not time, Torrie!\u8221\'94 Markus said, \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you know how long is it to go out of this forest alone? Even Gunther\u8217\'92s farm is miles away!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie's hands were ice-cold. His breath came too fast, too shallow. Every instinct screamed at him to run\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to turn away, to pretend he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t heard Markus\u8217\'92s terrified description of the creature lurking beyond the trees. His stomach churned at the thought of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine was out there. Alone. Against }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Against the Sentinel, Nightingale Dragon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His fingers twitched uselessly at his sides.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His body wanted to flee. His mind wanted to shut down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But then he thought of Catherine. The way he used to speak about her, eyes shining with wonder. The way he used to believe she was invincible. The way he had once dreamed of being like her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And now, }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 now}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , when she needed him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He took a sharp breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let this be another regret. Eddie exhaled, slow and steady. His hands stopped shaking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned to Markus, his voice firm, unwavering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mark,\u8221\'94 he said, holding out his hand. \u8220\'93Give me the rifle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wh-what?\u8221\'94 Markus stammered, his knuckles white where they gripped the weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie met his gaze, steady and sure, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You stay here with Torrie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going after her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes blazed with concern and anger as she jumped up, }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Eddie, this is insane!\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 her voice rising in desperation.  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can't just go off into the forest after what Markus described. It's too dangerous!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer immediately. Instead, he reached into his satchel and pulled out a small, worn paper bag of gunpowder. His movements were deliberate, almost mechanical. He tore the bag open, dry powder spilling between his fingers like dust as he spat out the remaining paper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have time to argue, Torrie," he said, his voice sharp but steady. "Catherine\u8217\'92s in danger."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie let out a frustrated breath. "And so will you!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie ignored her. Raising the rifle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hammer, he poured the fine black powder into the pan. The grains settled in the shallow basin, an eerie moment of stillness before the storm. With a soft snap, he closed the frizzen, sealing the charge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even know what you\u8217\'92re walking into!" Torrie pressed. "You heard Markus. It\u8217\'92s a dragon! Do you think you can just go in there and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With swift, practiced motions, Eddie poured the rest of the gunpowder into the barrel. He placed a round inside, feeling the shift in weight, the gravity of what he was about to do. The heavy ball rested against the powder. He tapped it down with the ramrod, his hands steady despite the storm raging inside him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The final motion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the priming, the preparation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 snapped something into place within him. He stood tall, rifle in hand, decision made.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie, Listen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93 Torrie, realizing he wasn\u8217\'92t stopping, made a last-ditch effort. She took something underneath her shirt, a chain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze flickered towards her, the sight is familliar.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 It\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s a ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s his ring\u8230\'85 his old heirloom. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A jade stone, deep green, set within a silver band. He had always known it was important, even if he never fully understood why. A relic of a family he had never known.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Here," Torrie insisted. Her voice wavered, but her grip was firm. }{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 "}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Take it back. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s yours,}{\f3\fs24\b1\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Edward, please.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stared at it, his throat tight. "I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need it," he muttered, "I can handle this on my own."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Just take it, Edward." Her voice was softer now, but the weight of her words pressed into him. "They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re yours.}{\f3\fs24\b1\i0  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They are meant to be yours!}{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie hesitated, then pocketed the ring. His fingers brushed against the cold, familiar metal.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b1\i0 "}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fine}{\f3\fs24\b1\i0 ,"}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And without another word, he turned toward the forest.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie turned and moved past the protective ring of the Eden Flowers. Stepping into the darkened forest. As he ventured further into the unknown, the shadows seemed to close around him. The protective flower's glow dimmed behind him, leaving the path uncertain. }}