{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 As they made their way back along the Traveler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path, the air felt lighter, yet Eddie\u8217\'92s shoulders remained tense. His eyes flickered toward the treetops, the shifting shadows between the ancient trunks. The forest had stilled, the earlier unease fading into a quiet hum of distant crickets and rustling leaves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s instincts hadn\u8217\'92t relaxed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Nightingale Dragon had not disappeared from his thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he saw it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 At the very edge of the path, just beyond the glow of the Lumina flowers, a massive silhouette emerged from the darkness. Black scales melted into the shadows, a towering figure barely distinguishable from the night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught. It was watching him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But the hunger, the primal menace from before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s many eyes gleamed in the dim light, save for the one that was missing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the wound Eddie had inflicted still fresh. Yet, there was no fury in its gaze.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For a long, breathless moment, Eddie and the creature locked eyes. A silent exchange passed between them, one he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite put into words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And for the first time, in the presence of something so vast, so powerful\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel afraid.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A voice called from ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Ed! Where are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie blinked. Markus stood farther up the path, peering back at him with concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When Eddie glanced over his shoulder again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the dragon was gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Not even a shifting shadow remained. Only the tranquil night and the soft glow of enchanted flowers. The air felt\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 undisturbed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie exhaled slowly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was there,\u8221\'94 he murmured, more to himself than the others. \u8220\'93I think the dragon is watching us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Markus frowned, looking around. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? I don\u8217\'92t see anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie and Catherine exchanged glances, but neither said a word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And yet\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 none of them questioned him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Maybe it was the steadiness in his voice, or the calm that had settled over him. But for now, that was enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With everyone now relatively at ease, Markus glanced around and asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did everyone get what they needed from the forest?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer right away. Instead, she reached into her satchel, fingers brushing against something old, delicate\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 forbidden. When she finally withdrew it, her eyes gleamed with the excitement of her find.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Far more than I expected,\u8221\'94 she murmured.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 In her hands was a thick, leather-bound codex, its cover worn with age, the spine barely holding together. Dark ink crawled along the front in an archaic script, its meaning just barely recognizable. A faint, almost unnatural hum emanated from within, as if the pages themselves were whispering secrets best left forgotten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8230\'85 is that?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked warily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine exhaled, turning the codex over in her hands, almost as if weighing whether to speak. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The records of Craemonia Bastion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The name sent a shiver down Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spine. He had read about it before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a place of experiments, where scholars once twisted the laws of nature in pursuit of something beyond alchemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The bastion was known for its\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Catherine hesitated, as if even saying it out loud felt wrong. \u8220\'93Its research on living creatures. Fusions. Alterations. The creation of\u8230\'85 Crimaeras.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face paled. \u8220\'93Like\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those stitched-together things? The ones from the old war stories?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not just stories, Torrie. They were real once.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie swallowed hard. He had seen sketches in old texts\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 beasts with limbs that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t match, stitched from different species, their bodies barely holding together under the weight of their own unnatural existence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93According to rumors,\u8221\'94 Catherine continued, flipping through the brittle pages, \u8220\'93the researchers documented everything. Their methods, their failures, their\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 she stopped, choosing her words carefully. \u8220\'93Their insights.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alchemical insights?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She hesitated again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something resembling it. A perversion of it, if you can even call it that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie folded his arms. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you thought bringing this thing back was a good idea? That\u8217\'92s black magic, Catherine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t flinch. \u8220\'93Is it?\u8221\'94 she murmured. \u8220\'93Or is it just\u8230\'85 knowledge that was never given the chance to be used for something else?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie stared at her, disbelief flashing in his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something else? You think this could be used for good?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She looked up at him then, something burning in her expression. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If we can transmute living tissue\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 think about what that means, Eddie. What if wounds could be healed in an instant? What if lost limbs could be restored? What if diseases could be reversed at the source?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw clenched. He wanted to argue. He wanted to tell her it was wrong. That the Bastion\u8217\'92s work had never been about healing, only destruction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But something about the way she looked at him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the way her fingers pressed into the pages as if she could will the words into something greater\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 made him hesitate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Maybe this was what she meant earlier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Maybe Catherine had gone into the depths of the unknown not to wield dark knowledge\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 but to change it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 To turn something monstrous into something that could save.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The group pressed forward through the forest, the tension of their earlier discovery fading into the rhythm of their footsteps. Their conversation flowed with ease\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a blend of excitement and relief. The dark woods, once menacing, now felt like nothing more than a backdrop to their shared adventure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie found himself turning Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words over in his mind. He had been so certain, so unwilling to see anything but the danger in her discovery. But\u8230\'85 what if she was right? What if this knowledge, feared and buried, could be reclaimed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not for war, but for healing?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He exhaled, running a hand through his hair. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know\u8230\'85 if this actually works, it could change everything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flickered with surprise before softening. \u8220\'93It could.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He looked at her, then at the Codex tucked under her arm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Revolutionizing the medical field\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s a strange thought, considering where it came from.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine smiled. Not her usual teasing smirk, but something warmer\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 genuine. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re thinking like an alchemist again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie blinked, caught off guard.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She gave him a light nudge. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Magic is powerful, but it\u8217\'92s also wondrous. There\u8217\'92s still so much to explore, Eddie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He hesitated, then nodded, a thoughtful expression settling on his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85Yeah. I suppose there is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As they neared the edge of the forest, the familiar safety of the Traveler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path stretched ahead. The sight brought an unspoken relief to the group, their steps a little lighter. Markus started talking about the ingredients they\u8217\'92d gathered, Torrie chimed in with a playful remark, and Catherine laughed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a sound bright with the joy of survival.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But Eddie barely heard them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His body was slowing down, warmth creeping uncomfortably through his limbs. His breath came quicker, but the air felt thick, too heavy to properly fill his lungs. His vision wavered, the trees around him stretching and twisting before snapping back into place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He wiped at his brow. His sleeve came away damp with sweat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When had it gotten so hot?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He tried to focus, to keep his balance, but the ground beneath him tilted. His legs faltered, the weight of his own body suddenly too much.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie?\u8221\'94 Markus\u8217\'92s voice cut through the haze, tinged with concern. \u8220\'93You alright?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie parted his lips to answer, but the words wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the world lurched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The distant lights of Weshaven blurred into streaks of gold and blue. The voices of his friends warped, muffled as if underwater. Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face swam into view, her expression shifting from casual to alarmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie, you\u8217\'92re\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear the rest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His knees buckled. Darkness surged at the edges of his vision. The last thing he saw was their hands reaching for him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 then the world gave way beneath him, and he fell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Fell into silence.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}