{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine rushed down the stone corridors of the Alchemy Faculty building, the sound of her boots echoing off the walls as she hurried toward her Herbology lab. Her satchel bounced against her side with each step, and she barely spared a glance at the enchanted timepiece hanging from her belt, the hands rapidly ticking past the minutes. She had completely lost track of time.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Damn it, Madeleine,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  she thought, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 how did I let this happen?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t meant to lose track of time. But between her backlog of Herbology assignments and the scrawled notes she\u8217\'92d been poring over\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 notes about the tiger, about Eddie, about that eerie resemblance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it had all started to unravel. Something about it gnawed at her, a puzzle missing its center.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned sharply down a narrow hallway, nearly colliding with a floating cart of flasks.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Focus.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 One thing at a time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The heavy oaken door to the Herbology lab loomed ahead, carved with ivy and curling vines that shimmered faintly in the light. As she reached for the handle, her heart pounded\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 half from the run, half from the fear that she was already too late.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the soft murmur of voices inside met her ears, and when she eased the door open, she exhaled with relief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The professor wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t here yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inside, students clustered in groups, tending to glass terrariums, adjusting runic lighting, or arguing softly over pruning techniques. The scent of damp moss and pollen clung to the air like mist.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine slipped inside quietly, closing the heavy door behind her with a soft click. She scanned the room quickly, eyes darting over the clusters of students and their green, glowing plants, until they settled on a familiar figure near the back. Walther sat hunched over his workstation, his fingers moving steadily across a piece of parchment covered in neat, looping script.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without hesitation, Madeleine crossed the room and slid into the chair beside him. The moment her weight settled, the door creaked again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Professor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arrival\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and the low hum of anticipation rippled through the lab.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther looked up briefly, his dark eyes narrowing as he took in the flushed, breathless expression on her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine, you\u8217\'92re late,\u8221\'94 he said, voice quiet but edged with mild amusement. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re usually the first one here. What kept you? Another marathon at the Sanctuary?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She swallowed, forcing a tired smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something like that.\u8221\'94\line She didn\u8217\'92t want to say more, especially not here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not with half the class listening and Walther\u8217\'92s perceptive gaze pressing gently but firmly.\line Instead, she nodded toward his parchment. \u8220\'93What are you working on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips twitched into a rare, almost-smile. \u8220\'93Just some notes on the growth patterns of the Shadeleaf vine. It\u8217\'92s been acting\u8230\'85 unusual lately. I thought you\u8217\'92d want to know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flickered to the vine creeping near their workstation, its dark leaves twisting strangely toward the light. \u8220\'93Unusual how?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He shrugged, but there was a tension beneath the movement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hard to say. I\u8217\'92ll show you later. For now, just keep an eye on it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She nodded again, grateful for the shift in focus. Here, at least, was a small fragment of normality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The professor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice cut through the murmurs, drawing everyone\u8217\'92s attention. \u8220\'93Today, we will be testing hypotheses on the growth behaviors of }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Luminara nox}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , a plant known for its bioluminescent properties in low-light environments. Your assignment is to observe and record the plant\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response to varied light frequencies. You may begin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine nodded absently, still feeling the weight of sleepless nights and the gnawing mystery at the back of her mind. She reached down to her satchel to pull out her binders, intending to get her notes ready.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But as she yanked the bag up hastily, her tired fingers slipped. Instead of the binder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sturdy spine, her grip caught the loose papers tucked behind it. In an instant, a flurry of parchment spiraled out, fluttering down like autumn leaves across the stone floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, no,\u8221\'94 Madeleine muttered under her breath, cheeks flushing as she crouched to gather the scattered sheets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther, sitting beside her, was already reaching down to help, his calm presence a quiet anchor amid her embarrassment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here,\u8221\'94 he said softly, handing her a few papers with an easy efficiency.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks,\u8221\'94 she murmured, biting her lip as she carefully stacked them back into the binder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine crouched, carefully gathering the scattered papers with Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s steady help. Each sheet slipped back into her binder brought a small wave of relief. Almost all of it was accounted for\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 except one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her eyes followed Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze as he held a single page between his fingers. His expression shifted sharply, a flicker of something like horror mixed with disbelief crossing his usually unreadable face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Walther?\u8221\'94 Madeleine\u8217\'92s voice was low but urgent. \u8220\'93Can you give me that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say a word, his fingers tightening around the paper as if it burned him. Her heart quickened, unease prickling beneath her skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a quick tug, she yanked the page from his grasp, pulling it closer to her. Her breath caught as she recognized the sketch sprawled across the parchment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the drawing she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d made\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the detailed, haunting sketch Eddie had described to her of the tiger-human chimaera.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulse hammered in her ears as Walther\u8217\'92s wide eyes met hers, his usual calm shattered for a fleeting moment. She quickly hid the paper beneath her binder, forcing her voice steady.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where did you...?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips pressed into a thin line, eyes darkening. For the first time, the mysterious distance around him felt like something more\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something dangerous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine swallowed, her secret suddenly feeling heavier than ever. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moon hung low over Edenfield\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s towering spires, its silver glow pooling on the cobbled pathways. Lanterns flickered in the cold breeze as Madeleine stepped out of the Alchemy building, tugging her scarf tighter and buttoning her coat all the way up to her chin. The night bit at her cheeks, and the long day pressed against her shoulders like a weight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was halfway down the steps when she heard it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned, catching sight of Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s figure leaning against one of the columns, his silhouette long and still under the lanternlight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, hey,\u8221\'94 she said, flashing her usual warm smile despite the late hour and her exhaustion. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther stepped closer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wanted to ask you something,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice quieter than usual, but no less firm. \u8220\'93That sketch you dropped earlier\u8230\'85 where did you get the idea for it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine hesitated for a breath too long. Her mind spun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just... something I threw together,\u8221\'94 she said lightly, tucking her hands into her coat pockets. \u8220\'93A badly drawn South Alamirian Tiger, honestly. It\u8217\'92s not exactly accurate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t laugh. He didn\u8217\'92t even blink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re lying,\u8221\'94 he said calmly. \u8220\'93Is this about Eddie? You think a South Alamirian Tiger attacked him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She glanced away, toward the line of trees swaying in the wind. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just a hunch,\u8221\'94 she admitted, careful with her words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther stepped forward again, his brows lowering. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine, South Alamirian Tigers come from the eastern dunes. There hasn\u8217\'92t been one seen this far west in decades. Certainly not in Edenfield.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine met his gaze. Her voice was quiet, but steady. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. That\u8217\'92s why I\u8217\'92m curious.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A long pause hung between them, the cold wind threading between their words. Walther studied her with that same unreadable expression he always wore, but this time, something in his eyes looked sharper\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 cutting through the calm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And yet, he said nothing more. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s boots clicked softly on the stone path as she crossed the campus grounds, the foggy air curling around her like ghostly ribbons. Her scarf was pulled tight around her neck, and she buttoned her coat all the way up, her gloved hands tucked into her sleeves to fend off the creeping cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lamplight from the faculty buildings spilled in golden puddles onto the walkway, but the rest of Edenfield was dim and quiet\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 students tucked away in their dorms or libraries, the hum of campus life reduced to stillness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She reached the bus stop at the edge of the quad, where the wrought-iron sign swayed slightly in the breeze. The enchanted schedule flickered faintly, glowing with runes that shifted to show }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Aetherell Reach \endash  6 min.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a quiet sigh, Madeleine sat down on the bench, the cold seeping through the wooden slats. She leaned back and let her head tilt toward the sky, watching her breath fog in the moonlight. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her gaze drifted out across the empty road, unfocused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But her thoughts didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stay still for long. They circled back\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 inevitably\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to her conversation with Walther.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d acted strangely. Not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 obviously}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  so, but off. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d known him since the start of term, shared a lab bench with him more days than not. He was reliable. Reserved. Never the type to get worked up about\u8230\'85 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 anything}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , let alone one of her messy drawings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had never shown the slightest interest in her sketches before. Never once asked her where she got her ideas, let alone stared at one like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen a ghost.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Why today?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then it hit her. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Of course.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Walther had mentioned in passing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 once, maybe twice\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that he was studying the anatomy and vascular structures of South Alamirian Tigers. That was probably why the drawing caught his eye. That had to be it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still, something didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sit right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She sat up straighter, her fingers curling against her knees. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Wait.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther volunteered at the Sanctuary. But unlike her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who cleaned enclosures, administered salves, handled creature check-ups\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Walther never worked in the physical sections. He was never on feeding duty, never in the recovery stables, never doing the dirty work. His role was\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 research. Always research.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He studied the creatures. Dissected their physiology through observation and notes. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 care}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  for them. He }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 studied}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And there was more. He volunteered with Edenfield\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Food Shelter Society. Madeleine remembered him saying that once, off-handedly, like it didn\u8217\'92t matter. They helped the city\u8217\'92s unhoused population. They delivered food, yes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but also went into places people didn\u8217\'92t like to talk about. Old tunnels, abandoned corners of the city. The underbelly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two things clicked. Then three. Then four.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught in her throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Research\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 deep anatomical knowledge\u8230\'85 access to vulnerable populations\u8230\'85 a strange, cold fascination with a creature that shouldn\u8217\'92t exist\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her hand flew to her satchel, as if instinctively checking her sketches were still there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her face slowly paled, lips parting slightly as a horrible thought took shape. Not fully formed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but enough to cast a shadow over everything she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been trying to ignore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Could it be?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 No. No, that\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s insane\u8230\'85}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  she told herself. But her gut didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t agree. Her heart was thudding now, dull and fast beneath her scarf. The pieces didn\u8217\'92t fit perfectly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but they sat too close not to touch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wind picked up again, rustling the trees behind the shelter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine stared ahead, her eyes wide, her breath held.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bus rolled up in the distance. But she no longer felt the comfort of home awaiting her. Only a hollow, rising dread.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bus hissed to a stop at the edge of Aetherell Reach. Madeleine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wait for the doors to fully open before stepping down. She didn\u8217\'92t thank the driver\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a small, almost sacred courtesy she }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 never}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  forgot. But tonight, it slipped her completely.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her boots hit the pavement. Cold air bit at her cheeks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She moved fast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine spotted the phone booth at the corner just beyond the wrought-iron fence, tucked beneath a flickering lantern. She broke into a brisk jog, her satchel thudding against her side.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The glass door rattled in her grip. She shoved it open and stepped inside, heart pounding. The booth smelled of damp copper and dust, the glass fogged from the cold. Her breath ghosted across the surface as she picked up the receiver with fingers that wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop shaking.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She slipped a coin into the slot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dialled the number from memory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ring buzzed against her ear. Once. Twice.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 C\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92mon, Eddie. Please pick up.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie sat at his desk in the corner of Dormitory 7, shoulders hunched over a thick Alchemical textbook. The diagrams sprawled across the page in tight, looping script, encrypted formulas showing the delicate thresholds between copper and verdigris, gas and flame, matter and memory. Notes were scrawled in his own handwriting along the margins. The desk lamp hummed faintly, casting sharp shadows that danced with every flick of his pen.}
\par\plain {He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hear the guitar at first\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 barely registered the sound amid the quiet storm of his concentration. Will was on the bottom bunk, leaning against the bedframe, head bobbing slightly as he coaxed soft scales out of his guitar. Each note plucked from the strings glowed faintly in the air, trailing runes that pulsed and faded like sparks drifting on water.}
\par\plain {The room was quiet, save for the occasional creak of the bunk frame, the gentle thrum of guitar strings, and the scratch of Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pen as he annotated a particularly difficult transfiguration formula.}
\par\plain {He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice the sound of footsteps approaching.\line Didn\u8217\'92t register the hurried knock.\line Didn\u8217\'92t hear the door swing open.}
\par\plain {"Ashley?" Will said, glancing up.}
\par\plain {Ashley stood in the doorway, slightly breathless. Her eyes went straight to Eddie.\line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got a call,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Madeleine. On the hall phone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie looked up, blinking as if surfacing from underwater.\line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A call?\u8221\'94 he repeated. \u8220\'93Now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oho, the mystery deepens. She finally cracked and confessed her undying\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {But Ashley didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t laugh. She didn\u8217\'92t roll her eyes or shove him in the shoulder like she usually would.\line She just said, quietly, urgently, \u8220\'93Eddie. You need to come. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Now}{.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie was already out of his chair.}
\par\plain {Eddie jogged down the corridor, bare footsteps thudding against rough floorboards. The dorm hallway was mostly quiet\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just the faint hum of lanterns and a distant laugh from someone two floors down. He rounded the corner and spotted the wall-mounted phone at the end of the corridor, its receiver swinging like a pendulum from the base.}
\par\plain {His heart kicked up.}
\par\plain {He grabbed it mid-swing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {There was a sharp breath of relief on the other end.\line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie. It\u8217\'92s me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine?\u8221\'94 His back straightened. \u8220\'93Are you okay? You sound\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen,\u8221\'94 she cut in, voice taut and quick, like a pulled string. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have time to explain. I need you. I need all of you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Will, Ashley, everyone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at the library. Tonight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, what\u8217\'92s happened? What\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Her voice cut out for a second. A faint crackle distorted the line. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Walther. I think he\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Bzzzt.}
\par\plain {A loud burst of static screamed through the receiver. Eddie yanked it away from his ear, flinching.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine?\u8221\'94 he called into the noise, trying the hook. \u8220\'93Hello? Madeleine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Silence. Then a low mechanical whir. Then nothing at all.}
\par\plain {He glanced back down the hall as if expecting Ashley to still be there. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Suddenly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \line }{\f0\fs24\i1 Click.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello?\u8221\'94 he tried again, breath held.}
\par\plain {A gasp. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93E-Eddie!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He gripped the receiver tighter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine, what\u8217\'92s happening?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think someone\u8217\'92s following me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His stomach dropped. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {There was a pause. A rustle. Then, distantly: the creak of a booth door opening. Her voice dropped to a whisper.\line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m at my apartment. Just past the old fence. Near the east ward sign. There\u8217\'92s someone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92s not moving, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The line cracked again.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got my wand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92s coming closer\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eddie, I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Pop.}
\par\plain {The line went dead.}
\par\plain {Eddie stood there, frozen, the soft dial tone humming against his ear like a dirge.}
\par\plain {Slowly, he lowered the receiver.}
\par\plain {He turned.}
\par\plain {Will and Ashley were already there at the end of the corridor. Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was pale, tense\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she\u8217\'92d heard enough to know. But it was Will\u8217\'92s expression that struck Eddie now: no smirk, no joke, just quiet alarm setting into his features like a stormcloud.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes met theirs. A flicker. A pause. A breathless moment where nothing needed to be said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 We\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve got to do something.}
\par\plain {Ashley gave a sharp nod. Will was already moving.}
\par\plain {They grabbed their jackets from the hooks near the dorm stairs, Will slinging his guitar bag over his shoulder out of instinct. No time to ask why. No time to prepare. Only the urgency in Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blood and the fading echo of Madeleine\u8217\'92s voice in his ear.}
\par\plain {Then they stormed out into the night.}
\par\plain {Through the arching gates of the dormitory. Across the frost-hushed campus. Their breath rose in quick clouds as they ran\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 past silent halls, over cobbled paths slick with dew, the gaslamps stretching their shadows long and fast.}
\par\plain {Toward Aetherell Reach.}
\par\plain {Toward her.}}