{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stirred awake. Blinking against the soft sunlight that streamed through the stained-glass panels above. he found himself in a spacious, vibrant ward he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t recognise. The sunlight cast warm red, blue, and green hues across the room. It refracts off the intricate stained-glass windows. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rows of clean beds stretched out before him. Each of them is separated by shimmering silk curtains. The curtains caught the sunlight, creating a soft glow. The air was thick with an unsettling peace\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 too muted for comfort. Faint murmurs of incantations and the soft hum of magic filled the air. Healers, clad in flowing robes that ripple like water, moved gracefully from bed to bed. Their hands glowed as they worked. Their whispers of healing spells were gentle, but to Eddie, they stirred an unease deep inside him. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His body felt heavy like he was sinking into the plush mattress beneath him. He glanced down at his chest. Bandages wrapped tightly around his chest. He could smell the faint, herbal scent of salves beneath the cloth. His brown wool jacket was gone, replaced by a loose hospital robe. The memory of the attack at the campus flickered in his mind. He remembered blacking out on the path home, the pain in his chest, the sense of his body giving up after the attack. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {He remembered blacking out on the path home, the pain in his chest, the sense of his body giving up after the attack.}
\par\plain {Voices filtered through the silk curtain beside him.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85I\u8217\'92m telling you, there ain\u8217\'92t no way it was some drunk with a pitchfork,\u8221\'94 came Will\u8217\'92s voice, low but insistent. \u8220\'93Eddie was, like, a ten-minute walk from the East Gate. Ain\u8217\'92t no drunk walking off that close to campus without being stopped, Maddie, you know more about this don\u8217\'92t you? What\u8217\'92d you think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure,\u8221\'94 said Madeleine gently. \u8220\'93The shape of the wounds\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it's not consistent with a  weapon. They\u8217\'92re jagged, uneven\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s like when your cat scratch you, but worse.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, no shit.\u8221\'94 Will chuckled, \u8220\'93That must\u8217\'92ve been one hell of a cat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, Madeleine, You think it was a creature?\u8221\'94 Ashley\u8217\'92s voice cut in, sharp and focused. \u8220\'93I think that would explain why the police lied. If it }{\f0\fs24\i1 was}{ a creature attack, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d have to report it to the university, and then the Council. Edenfield doesn\u8217\'92t like people thinking the city\u8217\'92s unsafe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {There was a pause. Eddie kept his breathing steady, not quite ready to let them know he was awake.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just saying,\u8221\'94 Will continued, \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve been here long enough. And we know the cops don\u8217\'92t spin that hard unless someone told \u8217\'92em to. Higher up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw the paper this morning,\u8221\'94 Claire said simply. Her voice was clipped and factual, like reading from a page. \u8220\'93No mention of magical residue. Which is odd. If it }{\f0\fs24\i1 was}{ a Chimaera, it would\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve left traces.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Another pause.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s not like they\u8217\'92d put }{\f0\fs24\i1 that}{ in the official report,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Ashley snapped. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve been trying to cover this up for months. First the missing pets, then the rumours about the alleys by Red Oak Lane\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 And now Edward.\u8221\'94 Madeleine\u8217\'92s voice softened. \u8220\'93He could\u8217\'92ve died.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked slowly, then let out a low groan. The talking stopped instantly.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s awake,\u8221\'94 Madeleine said gently, and he heard the shift of feet as someone moved to his bedside.}
\par\plain {The curtain drew back, and light spilled across his bed. Madeleine stood closest, her auburn hair catching the light. Will gave him a lopsided grin from beside her, while Ashley crossed her arms and gave him a look that was half-relief, half-scolding.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey man,\u8221\'94 Will said, shaking his head. \u8220\'93You gotta stop gettin\u8217\'92 yourself mauled if you want to survive first year.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I didn\u8217\'92t\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Eddie\u8217\'92s voice cracked. He coughed. His throat felt raw. \u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were hoping }{\f0\fs24\i1 you}{ could tell }{\f0\fs24\i1 us,}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Ashley said, brow furrowed.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were told that you were found outside the Astral Garden, unconscious,\u8221\'94 Madeleine explained, voice soothing. \u8220\'93Your wounds were\u8230\'85 severe. They said it was a pitchfork, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 But no drunk guy\u8217\'92s walking around Edenfield with a farm tool like some horror film extra,\u8221\'94 Will finished.}
\par\plain {Eddie groaned and shifted upright, wincing at the pull in his bandaged side. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It }{\f0\fs24\i1 was}{ some drunk bloke, Will,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he muttered, his voice hoarse. \u8220\'93Or\u8230\'85 at least, I thought so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley stepped closer, her brows knitting together. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie,\u8221\'94 she said, voice calm but intent, \u8220\'93you can tell us everything. We\u8217\'92re not gonna spill it to anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She glanced at the others\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Madeleine, Will, even Claire\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 waiting for their confirmation. One by one, they nodded.}
\par\plain {Eddie hesitated. The memory was like a cracked mirror\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 fragments scattered across his mind, sharp and confusing. But one detail glared, undeniable.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I could\u8217\'92ve sworn it was a person,\u8221\'94 he said slowly. \u8220\'93Not some monster. I saw them, just for a second. A silhouette. Tall. Human. Moving weird, but definitely a person.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The words had barely left his mouth when Madeleine stiffened.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A person?\u8221\'94 she repeated, her voice a pitch higher than usual. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re sure? Not an animal? Not some summoned thing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie frowned at her reaction. Madeleine, normally so composed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 always the calm in any storm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 suddenly looked pale. Her fingers clutched the hem of her sleeve.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yeah,\u8221\'94 he said, uncertain. \u8220\'93It looked like one. Didn\u8217\'92t see a face or anything, but\u8230\'85 they held something. Like a\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A weapon?\u8221\'94 she cut in, eyes wide. \u8220\'93Did it }{\f0\fs24\i1 use}{ something to hurt you?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will raised his hand like he was in class. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So it\u8217\'92s true\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you }{\f0\fs24\i1 were}{ attacked by a pitchfork!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley whirled on him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will, shut up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie let out a breath, then leaned back against the pillows, eyes distant. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t think much of it at first,\u8221\'94 he said, voice low. \u8220\'93It was almost two in the morning. I\u8217\'92d just left the library\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I\u8217\'92d stayed late copying a book for Alchemy. The campus was dead quiet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Everyone watched him now. Even Claire had paused her quiet page-turning.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was walking past the Archway Garden,\u8221\'94 Eddie continued, \u8220\'93and I saw someone just\u8230\'85 standing there. Under one of the old gaslamps. Alone. Wearing a suit, just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 still. Like a statue.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A suit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dark-colored. Didn\u8217\'92t look like a student. Or a professor. Just this tall guy. I thought maybe he was lost. Or drunk. I kept walking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His voice dropped. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then I heard footsteps. Behind me. Slow. Limping.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A hush fell over the group.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I turned onto Fallow Lane\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the one behind the Rune Studies hall,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93And that\u8217\'92s when I saw it again. It was following me. Limping like its leg was twisted or broken. That\u8217\'92s when I started running.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand covered her mouth.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t look back until I crossed into the courtyard behind Alchemy Hall. I thought I\u8217\'92d lost it. But when I turned\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Eddie swallowed. \u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t standing anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He looked up at them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was }{\f0\fs24\i1 walking on all fours.}{ Like\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like a dog. Except it was still wearing the suit. Its arms were too long. And its face\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He blinked, the memory flickering behind his eyes. \u8220\'93Its face wasn\u8217\'92t right. The eyes were too far apart. The skin looked stretched. Like it was trying to }{\f0\fs24\i1 look}{ human, but couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite manage it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Silence.}
\par\plain {Even Will had nothing.}
\par\plain {No joke. No quip.}
\par\plain {Just stunned stillness.}
\par\plain {Eddie looked between them, the weight of the memory clinging to his chest. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Any idea what that might be?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {For a moment, no one moved.}
\par\plain {Then Madeleine spoke. Her voice was barely a whisper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chimaera,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93What you just encountered was a Chimaera.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie sat up straighter, his breath catching. His mind raced\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not with fear, but recognition.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re kidding,\u8221\'94 he murmured.}
\par\plain {But Madeleine wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t smiling.}
\par\plain {Will blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 gonna need someone to back up a sec and explain what the hell that even is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look at him. Her eyes were still locked on Eddie\u8217\'92s, her usual softness tinged with something sharp. \u8220\'93In Alchemical theory, there was a period\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 about two centuries ago\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when a few researchers attempted to\u8230\'85 alter the nature of living tissue. Not transmuting metals or changing matter states, but }{\f0\fs24\i1 life.}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will squinted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean, like, magical surgery?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Madeleine said. \u8220\'93Not healing. Not enhancement. I mean the forced fusion of multiple living organisms. Stitching animal parts together. Layering magical grafts. Rewiring the essence of a creature until something new emerged. A new species entirely. Something unstable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie exhaled slowly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was called the Chimerae Program. Officially, it was banned. Unethical, unpredictable, and dangerous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I thought it was just a myth,\u8221\'94 Madeleine said, barely audible. \u8220\'93One of those cautionary tales they use in Magical Ethics.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brows rose, visibly unsettled. \u8220\'93So you're telling me someone }{\f0\fs24\i1 built}{ that thing? Like\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 made}{ it?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More like they broke a bunch of creatures and mashed \u8216\'91em together,\u8221\'94 Eddie muttered. \u8220\'93Trust me, it\u8217\'92s not elegant magic. It\u8217\'92s Frankenstein crap.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, like\u8230\'85 lightning bolts and grave robbing?\u8221\'94 Will asked.}
\par\plain {Eddie gave him a look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Worse. Alchemically engineered. Living tissue restructured through transformation circles, mutagenic tinctures, and gods know what else. It's one of the few things that both the Arcane Council }{\f0\fs24\i1 and}{ the Healers Guild agreed was a step too far.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And now it\u8217\'92s here,\u8221\'94 Madeleine said quietly, folding her arms. \u8220\'93In Edenfield. Fully formed. Active. Which means someone didn\u8217\'92t just try to make one\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they }{\f0\fs24\i1 succeeded.}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A thick silence followed Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words.}
\par\plain {No one spoke.}
\par\plain {Then, softly but with a rare note of resolve, Madeleine said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have to do something about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She looked around the circle of friends, her brows slightly drawn, eyes steady. For a moment, her usual softness was edged with something almost fierce.}
\par\plain {Before anyone could respond, the curtain snapped open with a rustle of silk.}
\par\plain {A nurse in pale blue robes stepped in, smiling politely. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry to interrupt. Visiting hours for Mr. Welton are over. The doctor will be in shortly for his examination.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The group broke from their huddle. Will stood first, patting Eddie lightly on the shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, man. Heal up. Don\u8217\'92t go fighting any more horror movie monsters without calling me first, yeah? \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley followed, her tone brisk but warm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep your head clear, Eddie. Rest, but don\u8217\'92t forget what happened. If someone\u8217\'92s covering this up\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we\u8217\'92ll find out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Claire gave a brief nod, the hem of her robes brushing the polished floor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay sharp, Edward. You\u8217\'92re lucky to be alive.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Then came Madeleine. She stood near the foot of his bed, her expression softer now, though something lingered behind her eyes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 concern, perhaps, or fear she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t voicing.}
\par\plain {As the others stepped out, she lingered.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice quieter now that it was just the two of them. \u8220\'93Do you know when you\u8217\'92ll be out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dunno. They said at least a week. Maybe two, if the burns need more time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine nodded slowly. Her fingers fidgeted with the sleeve of her robe.}
\par\plain {She stepped closer and offered her hand again. He took it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and this time, she held it for a moment longer.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good luck,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93And\u8230\'85 stay safe, alright?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Then she flashed him her familiar warm smile. The one that always seemed to smooth the edges of everything else. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When you\u8217\'92re out\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 come find me. There\u8217\'92s something I want to show you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {With that, she waved gently and slipped through the curtain after the others.}
\par\plain {Eddie leaned back against the pillows, the room quiet again save for the distant hum of magic.}
\par\plain {It was only then that he noticed the slip of paper in his hand.}
\par\plain {Neat handwriting curled across the page: }{\f0\fs24\b1 Madeleine D. 0712 443 229}{\line And beneath it, a simple line:\line }{\f0\fs24\b1 21st Norwood Street. Past the Campground. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Edenfield Mythical Creature Sanctuary.}
\par\plain }