{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki walked along the paved road back to her cabin, the cool night air brushing against her skin. The stars above were bright, their light filtering through the trees that lined the path. But unlike the lie she had told her friends, there was no grandfather waiting for her at home. No family, no warmth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just the empty cabin, silent and still.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she walked, her mind drifted back to the night she had first arrived in this time. She remembered the fight with her father, the way she had shouted at him for asking her to quit the arts club. She had been so angry, so sure that he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t understand her. But now, after spending time with the younger version of him, she realized how wrong she had been. She hadn\u8217\'92t known back then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hadn\u8217\'92t known how much he had sacrificed for her, for their family. The weight of that realization pressed heavily on her chest, and her pace quickened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her father had given up his dreams\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his music, his freedom\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to take on the responsibilities that had been thrust upon him. He had become stern, distant, because he had to. Because he had no other choice. And now, as Haruki thought about her own dreams, her own rebellion, she saw the parallels between them. She was artistic, passionate, and stubborn\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just like him. The only difference was that she still had the chance to chase her dreams, while he had buried his long ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The guilt she felt was overwhelming, a sharp ache that spread through her chest and made it hard to breathe. She had been so quick to judge him, to resent him for not being the father she wanted. But now, she understood. And that understanding only made the guilt worse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her walk turned into a jog, her feet pounding against the pavement as she pushed herself forward. The night air rushed past her, cool and sharp, but it did nothing to ease the heat building inside her. Her thoughts were a whirlwind, a storm of emotions she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite untangle. She needed to get back to the cabin, to the place where this journey had begun. Maybe there, in the quiet solitude of that old house, she could make sense of everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time she reached the cabin, she was sprinting, her breath coming in short, ragged gasps. The house loomed ahead, its two sets of front doors standing like silent sentinels in the night. Haruki skidded to a stop, her chest heaving as she stared up at the familiar structure. It looked the same as it had the night she arrived\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 old, weathered, and filled with secrets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki walked around to the back door, her mind racing. She had to go back. Her parents must be worried sick about her. She had to go back. The thought consumed her, driving her forward with a desperate urgency.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The back door\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the one she had tried to pry open the night before from the inside, to no avail\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stood before her now, its wooden surface rough and unyielding under her hands. She grabbed the handle and pulled, her muscles straining as she tried to force it open. When that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work, she kicked it, the impact sending a sharp jolt of pain up her leg. Still, the door didn\u8217\'92t budge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on,\u8221\'94 she muttered under her breath, her voice trembling. She slammed her body against the door, once, twice, the sound echoing in the quiet night. But it was no use. The door remained firmly shut, as if mocking her efforts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frustration boiled over into desperation. Haruki grabbed a heavy rock from the ground and hurled it at the door, aiming for the lock. The sound of the impact was loud, but the door didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so much as creak. She tried again, this time with a log, her arms shaking with the effort. Still, nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me go back!\u8221\'94 she shouted, her voice breaking as tears streamed down her cheeks. She pounded on the door with her fists, the sound sharp and frantic. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, alright!\u8221\'94 she cried, her voice raw with emotion. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry I was so selfish! I\u8217\'92m sorry I ran away! I\u8217\'92m sorry\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her legs gave out, and she slumped against the door, her forehead pressing against the rough wood. Her breaths came in ragged gasps, her body trembling with exhaustion and grief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I miss Mom\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she whispered, her voice weak and trembling. \u8220\'93I miss Dad\u8230\'85 I miss Aiko and Aikihito\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Her voice grew even softer, barely audible. \u8220\'93I want to go back\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The night was silent except for the sound of her quiet sobs. The stars above seemed distant and cold, their light offering no comfort. Haruki sat there, her back against the door, her arms wrapped around her knees. She felt small and alone, the weight of her guilt and longing pressing down on her like a physical force.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, a voice broke the silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going nowhere by prying it open, you know?\u8221\'94 The voice was soft but clear, coming from somewhere behind her. Haruki turned her head sharply, her heart skipping a beat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At first, she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t see anyone. The backyard was bathed in shadows, the moonlight casting long, eerie shapes across the ground. But then her eyes landed on a figure sitting near a tree, partially hidden by the darkness. An easel stood in front of the figure, and the faint sound of a brush against canvas reached Haruki\u8217\'92s ears.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rocks, logs, run a car into it if you want to. It won\u8217\'92t open,\u8221\'94 the girl said, her tone matter-of-fact, as if she were commenting on the weather.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki stood up slowly, her legs still shaky from crying. She took a step forward, then another, her eyes fixed on the girl. As she got closer, the details became clearer\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the round glasses perched on the girl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nose, the braid trailing down her back, the way she held the brush with practiced ease. A sense of d\u233\'E9j\u224\'E0 vu washed over Haruki, a nagging feeling that she had seen this girl before. But where? And when?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The girl dipped her brush into a jar of paint thinner, cleaning it with slow, deliberate movements. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look up, her focus entirely on the canvas in front of her. Haruki could see the painting now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a detailed depiction of the cottage from behind, the backyard garden rendered in soft, muted colors. It was beautiful, but there was something haunting about it, something that made Haruki\u8217\'92s chest tighten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 the girl said, her voice calm and measured, \u8220\'93I would never have expected to see anyone here from the future.\u8221\'94 She finally looked up, her eyes meeting Haruki\u8217\'92s. \u8220\'93Especially you, Haruki-chan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught in her throat. The girl\u8217\'92s face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 those round glasses, that braid, the faint smile playing on her lips\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it all clicked into place. Memories flooded her mind: a classroom, an upperclassman who always seemed to be sketching in the corner, a quiet presence that Haruki had admired but never really known.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93M-Matsuda-senpai?\u8221\'94 Haruki stammered, her voice barely above a whisper.}}