{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 as Henry's words echoed through the room. "We have to get out, now!" His voice, usually full of bravado, held a tremor of urgency that mirrored the fear gnawing at Eddie's gut.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will, still clutching his battered guitar, frowned in confusion. "Lord Raven? Who is he?" The name sent a shiver down Christine's spine, her usually composed demeanor replaced by raw terror.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Look," she said, her voice barely a whisper, "I don't know all the details, alright? We saw him at the entrance. But trust me, you don't want to meet him." She gestured towards her chest. "I can feel his presence, a dark energy unlike anything I've ever encountered. We need to leave, and fast."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie's gaze flickered between Christine's panicked expression and the lifeless form of Walt. Her words, though lacking in specifics, rang true. Christine's lineage as a sorceress honed her senses to arcane energies, and the fear that choked her voice spoke volumes.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "But where can we go?" he wondered aloud. The entrance was effectively blocked by the imposing figure of Lord Raven. The very thought of facing him directly sent a wave of nausea washing over Eddie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As if sensing the urgency, Ashley, ever the resourceful one, spoke up. "There's a hidden stairway leading deeper into the fortress. It's where the cultists\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 dispose of bodies." Her voice trailed off, a hint of disgust flickering across her face. "It might lead to an exit."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Christine recoiled, her nose wrinkling in disgust. "Are you serious? A body chute? What if it leads to some monstrous pit? What if they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85" She trailed off, her voice thick with dread.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "We don't have a choice," Eddie interrupted, his voice firm despite the growing panic gnawing at him. He could feel it too now \endash  a malevolent pressure building in the air, a tangible manifestation of Lord Raven's approaching presence. Time was running out.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The group exchanged hesitant glances, the weight of the situation settling upon them. Facing Lord Raven meant certain defeat, perhaps even death. The body chute, however repulsive, offered a glimmer of hope. With a silent nod of agreement, they followed Ashley, her knowledge of the fortress now their only advantage. The remaining captives, their faces etched with terror, stumbled after them, their only solace the meager protection offered by the heroes leading them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As they hurried towards the hidden staircase, the rhythmic clang of Lord Raven's iron boots against the stone floor echoed through the chamber, growing louder and closer with each passing second. They were running against time, a desperate race for survival that would lead them into the heart of darkness itself.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 he eerie silence of the now empty cellars was broken by the ominous clanking of iron boots as Lord Raven entered the room. His imposing figure filled the space with a palpable sense of disappointment and anger. Behind him, a group of cultists watched in silent fear, their eyes wide with trepidation. Walt and Fred, both battered and bruised from their previous encounters, stood among them, their expressions tense.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lord Raven's gaze swept across the open cell doors, the absence of captives a glaring failure. His masked face betrayed no emotion, but the air around him seemed to grow colder with his displeasure. His attention finally fixed on the stairway leading down into the darker depths of the fortress.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "After them," he commanded, his voice like a death knell. He extended a sharp, clawed gauntlet from beneath his cloak, pointing towards the stairway. "Don't let them escape."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, my lord," Walt responded, his voice steady despite the fear gnawing at his insides. He immediately began to move towards the stairway, determination in his steps.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lord Raven's voice, however, did not cease, its chilling authority filling the room. "If the sacrificial vessel does not meet its numbers by midnight," he continued, his tone cold and final, "you and your men shall be the substitutes."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Fred felt a shiver run down his spine, his mouth dry as he swallowed hard. "Yes, my lord," he managed to say, his voice barely above a whisper. With a last glance at the terrifying figure of Lord Raven, he followed Walt towards the staircase.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As they descended, the air grew heavier, the pressure of their impending doom pushing them forward with desperate haste. The cultists knew that failure was not an option\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 they had to capture the escapees or face the unthinkable wrath of their master.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The cramped passageway twisted and turned, its walls slick with moisture and the occasional glint of moonlight filtering through unseen cracks. The growls echoed closer, a guttural symphony of hunger that sent chills down Eddie's spine. The captives, huddled together in the center of their group, whimpered in fear, their ragged breaths a stark contrast to the oppressive silence that had settled before the beast arrived.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly, Ashley, leading the way with her bioluminescent vial, stopped short. The green glow illuminated a gaping maw of darkness ahead \endash  a cavern entrance far larger than the passage they had been navigating. The growls seemed to emanate from within, a chorus of monstrous voices that vibrated in their chests.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Dead end," Ashley hissed, her voice tight with frustration. Despair threatened to engulf Eddie, but he quickly pushed it down. Panic wouldn't help them now. He needed a plan, a way out of this subterranean nightmare.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Is there another passage?" Eddie whispered, his gaze flickering between the cavern entrance and the terrified faces behind him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Christine shook her head, her brow furrowed in concentration. "There might be a hidden tunnel system deeper within the fortress, but even if I knew where it was, activating it would likely take time we don't have."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will, ever the optimist, spoke up, a hint of defiance in his voice. "Maybe we can talk our way out of this? A little serenade for our furry friends?" He offered a strained smile, but the worry in his eyes was undeniable.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Not likely," Geralt muttered, his hand resting on the hilt of his silver sword. "Those are no ordinary beasts. They're bred for one purpose - to eliminate threats."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The ground trembled beneath their feet as a monstrous silhouette emerged from the cavern entrance. A hulking creature, all fangs and claws, with a stench that made Eddie's stomach churn, stood before them, blocking their escape.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie knew then that talking wouldn't save them. This was a fight for survival, a desperate gamble against the horrors that lurked in the underbelly of the fortress. He reached into his satchel, his hand closing around the vial of potion. It was a desperate gamble, a concoction designed to weaken magical creatures, but it was their only hope.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "We fight," Eddie declared, his voice ringing with newfound resolve. He uncorked the potion and splashed it onto his weapon. "Stay close, everyone. We take down this beast together!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With a battle cry that echoed through the cavern, Eddie charged forward, the heroes and the terrified captives following close behind. The claustrophobic tunnel erupted into chaos as the fight for survival began.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie, Will, Ashley, and the rest of the group hurried through the narrow passageways, the flickering torchlight casting eerie shadows on the damp stone walls. The oppressive atmosphere and the distant growls kept everyone on edge, each sound amplifying their fear.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Henry, at the rear, heard the clanking of iron boots echoing from the stairway. His heart sank. "They're coming," he whispered urgently to Christine and Geralt.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Christine's face tightened with fear and determination. "We need to move faster," she urged, pushing the captives to pick up the pace.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As they rounded a corner, Ashley spotted a faint light ahead. "There! That might be a way out!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But before they could reach it, a dark figure appeared at the end of the passage. Walt, his eyes filled with a sinister resolve, blocked their path. Fred and a few other cultists flanked him, their expressions mirroring his.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "End of the line," Walt sneered, raising his hand to summon dark energy.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie, Ashley, and Will braced themselves, their earlier exhaustion and fear momentarily forgotten as they prepared for another fight. They knew they couldn't afford to lose now\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 not when freedom was so close.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But just as the two sides were about to clash, a blinding light filled the tunnel. Christine and Geralt had arrived, their conjuration magic creating a temporary barrier that sent Walt and the cultists reeling.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The air crackled with raw energy as Christine and Geralt unleashed their conjuration. A shimmering wall of force materialized in the tunnel, momentarily halting Walt and his cultist reinforcements. But the barrier wouldn't hold for long. Desperation gnawed at Eddie, his gaze flickering between the fading light filtering through the hidden passage Ashley had spotted and the growing menace of the approaching figures.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Go!" Christine's voice echoed, laced with an urgency that left no room for argument. "Take the captives and get out of here!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked around at his companions. Will, his face etched with determination, gripped his guitar tighter. Ashley stood resolute, her staff crackling with a faint blue light. He knew they shared his reluctance to leave, but the weight of responsibility for the terrified faces behind them settled upon his shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "We'll buy you time," Geralt added, his voice stoic but his hand hovering near the hilt of his silver sword. He met Eddie's gaze, a silent understanding passing between them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With a heavy heart, Eddie turned towards the captives. "Everyone," he addressed them, his voice hoarse but firm, "follow Ashley. There's a possible exit ahead. Don't look back, just keep moving."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A ripple of fear and uncertainty went through the group, but they eventually began to shuffle towards the faint light at the end of the passage, Ashley leading the way. Eddie watched them go, a knot of worry tightening in his gut, before turning back to face the oncoming threat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will grinned, a touch manic in the flickering light. "Looks like it's time for a farewell concert, wouldn't you say, Ed?" He strummed a discordant chord, the amp buzzing to life.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie gripped the potion vial, a grim smile mirroring Will's. "Let's give them a show they won't forget."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As Walt and the cultists charged forward, the heroes of this desperate tale stood their ground, ready to face the darkness head-on. The narrow passage became their stage, bathed in an eerie glow, and the battle for escape a fierce symphony of clashing steel, pulsating magic, and the defiant roar of a guitar.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Just as the cultists began to close in, a roaring sound filled the tunnel. The engine of a truck echoed through the passageway, and moments later, a military vehicle skidded to a halt, its tires screeching against the stone floor. The back of the truck swung open, and Corporal Gareth emerged, his expression determined.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Move! Get them inside!" he shouted, waving the captives towards the truck.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The students urged the captives to quickly climb into the vehicle, holding their defensive positions as the cultists drew nearer. One by one, Christine, Geralt, and Henry fell back towards the truck, their magical attacks keeping the cultists at bay.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, only Eddie, Will, and Ashley remained, standing firm as the last line of defense. As the captives scrambled into the truck, a figure stepped out of the vehicle and walked towards them. It was Madam Ingram, the retired Company Captain of the Royal Paladins. Her presence radiated authority and strength, even in the direst of circumstances.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Go inside the truck, dear," she spoke softly but with unyielding determination. "I'll handle them."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "But, Madam Ingram\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 " Eddie began, his voice filled with concern.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "This is not a students' battle anymore," she said, her tone final as she drew her mace and battle staff. "This is my business."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The three students hesitated, their loyalty and sense of duty pulling them in different directions. But Madam Ingram's steely gaze left no room for argument. Reluctantly, Eddie, Will, and Ashley began to retreat towards the truck, joining the others.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As they climbed into the vehicle, they couldn't help but look back at Madam Ingram. She stood tall and resolute, facing the oncoming cultists and beasts with the unwavering confidence of a seasoned warrior. Her presence was a beacon of hope in the chaos.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With everyone safely aboard, Corporal Gareth revved the engine and the truck lurched forward, speeding away from the fortress. The students watched through the back as Madam Ingram confronted the cultists, her battle staff and mace glowing with a fierce light.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As the fortress receded into the distance, Eddie, Will, and Ashley shared a look of mixed relief and determination. They had escaped this time, but the battle against the Black Hand and Lord Raven was far from over. They knew they would need to regroup, plan, and fight again. But for now, they had survived, thanks to the bravery of their friends and the selfless sacrifice of Madam Ingram.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The truck roared into the night, carrying the exhausted but resolute group towards safety, leaving the horrors of the fortress behind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As the armored truck rumbled through the dark tunnels of the Undercity, the tension inside palpable. Eddie sat near the back, his eyes scanning the faces of his friends and the rescued captives. Relief mingled with exhaustion as they tried to catch their breath. But Eddie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts were elsewhere, nagging at the back of his mind.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He glanced back towards the fortress, the image of Madam Ingram standing defiantly against the cultists etched in his memory. A surge of worry hit him, and he quickly turned to Corporal Gareth, who was focused on navigating the treacherous path.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Corporal Gareth!" Eddie shouted over the engine\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s roar. "We\u8217\'92re missing Madam Ingram! She\u8217\'92s still back there!"}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Gareth\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flicked to the rearview mirror, meeting Eddie\u8217\'92s concerned gaze. He didn\u8217\'92t slow down. "It was Madam Ingram\u8217\'92s order to leave her behind," he said, his voice steady but tinged with respect and a hint of sadness. "She said she had unresolved business and that she\u8217\'92d extract back another way."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie's heart sank. He knew Madam Ingram was more than capable, but the thought of her alone in that place filled him with dread. "Are you sure she\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll be alright?" he pressed, unable to hide the worry in his voice.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Corporal Gareth nodded firmly. "Madam Ingram is one of the best. If anyone can handle themselves in there, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s her. Trust her judgment. She knew what she was doing."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley, overhearing the conversation, placed a reassuring hand on Eddie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder. "She\u8217\'92s a seasoned warrior, Eddie. She\u8217\'92ll make it."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded, trying to take comfort in their words. He turned to look at Will, who was silently strumming his guitar, the music a soothing counterpoint to the chaos they had just escaped. Will caught his eye and gave a small nod, offering silent support.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Christine, still visibly shaken but regaining her composure, moved closer to Eddie. "We did what we had to do," she said softly. "We need to focus on getting these people to safety. Madam Ingram will find her way back."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie took a deep breath and nodded, resolving to trust in Madam Ingram\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s capabilities. The truck sped on, the dark tunnels gradually giving way to the faint promise of light and safety.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}