{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki ran and ran, the click-clacking of her school-issued shoes breaking the stillness of the night. The sound of crickets and cicadas filled the air, their rhythmic chirping a stark contrast to the chaos in her mind. Tears streamed down her cheeks, blurring her vision, but she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop. She couldn\u8217\'92t. She didn\u8217\'92t want to believe what she had heard. She didn\u8217\'92t want to face it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her breath came in ragged gasps, her chest burning with every step. The cool night air whipped against her face, but it did nothing to soothe the fire raging inside her. She ran past darkened houses, their windows glowing faintly with the warm light of families inside. Families who, unlike hers, might understand. Families who might support their children\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dreams instead of crushing them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how far she had gone. The streets were unfamiliar now, the shadows of trees stretching long and eerie across the pavement. The moon hung low in the sky, its pale light casting an otherworldly glow over everything. Her white sailor school uniform stood out against the dark backdrop of the night, a ghostly figure darting through the stillness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her legs ached, her feet throbbing in her stiff leather shoes, but she pushed herself to keep going. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know where she was headed. She didn\u8217\'92t care. All she knew was that she couldn\u8217\'92t stop. If she stopped, the weight of everything would catch up to her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her father\u8217\'92s harsh words, her mother\u8217\'92s quiet resignation, the truth about Yaeko Matsuda. It would all come crashing down, and she wasn\u8217\'92t ready to face it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As Haruki ran, the sky opened up. At first, it was just a drizzle, the faint patter of raindrops against the pavement barely noticeable amidst the chaos in her mind. But as she continued, the rain grew heavier, the drops falling faster and harder until they soaked through her uniform, clinging to her skin like a second layer. The cool water mixed with the tears on her cheeks, blurring the line between the storm outside and the storm within.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She looked around, her vision blurred by rain and tears. The streets were empty now, the houses dark and silent. In the distance, she saw the outline of a forest, its trees swaying gently in the wind. Without thinking, she turned and ran toward it, her shoes slipping on the wet pavement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The forest was dense, the canopy of leaves above her providing some shelter from the rain. She stumbled through the underbrush, her breath coming in ragged gasps, until she finally reached a clearing. There, she stopped, leaning against a tree as she tried to catch her breath. The rain was softer here, the sound of it hitting the leaves above creating a soothing rhythm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For a moment, she stood there, her chest heaving, her mind racing. Then, slowly, she sank to the ground, her back against the tree. She pulled her knees to her chest, wrapping her arms around them as the tears came again, hot and silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The forest was quiet, the only sounds the gentle patter of rain and the occasional rustle of leaves against the rain. Haruki closed her eyes, letting the cool air wash over her. She felt small here, insignificant, like the world had swallowed her whole. But in a strange way, it was comforting. The forest didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t judge her. It didn\u8217\'92t demand anything from her. It just was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She stared out into the darkness, her mind replaying the confrontation with her parents. Her father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stern face, her mother\u8217\'92s quiet pleading, the way they had looked at her when she shouted at them. And Yaeko Matsuda\u8230\'85 the truth about her death. It was too much. It was all too much.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki buried her face in her hands, her shoulders shaking as she cried. She felt lost, adrift in a sea of expectations and fears, with no way out. But even as the tears fell, a small, stubborn part of her refused to give up. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let this be the end. She couldn\u8217\'92t let her dreams die, not like this. Not like Yaeko.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The rain went on and on, growing more intense with each passing minute. The sound of it pounding against the leaves and the ground was deafening, a relentless drumbeat that matched the chaos in Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. After what felt like an eternity, she rose unsteadily to her feet, her body trembling from the cold and exhaustion. Her movements were slow and labored, her walk more like a limp, as if every step required the last ounce of strength she had left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her uniform clung to her skin, soaked through and heavy with rainwater. Her hair was plastered to her face, and her shoes squelched with every step. The rain had taken its toll, leaving her shivering and weak, but she forced herself to keep moving. She needed shelter. She needed to get out of the storm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 If anyone had seen her in that moment, they might have mistaken her for something out of an urban legend\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a wisp, a ghost, a walking dead. Her pale skin glowed faintly in the darkness, her white uniform a stark contrast against the shadows of the forest. Her movements were slow and deliberate, her eyes hollow and distant, as if she were no longer fully human.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She walked and walked, her legs dragging through the mud and underbrush. The forest seemed endless, the trees closing in around her like silent sentinels. But then, in the distance, she saw it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a rectangular shape barely visible through the rain. Her heart leapt, and she forced herself to move faster, her limp becoming more pronounced as she stumbled toward the silhouette.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As she drew closer, the shape became clearer. It was a house, its outline stark against the darkness. But something about it felt\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 off. The windows were dark, the paint peeling from the walls. The garden was overgrown, the fence sagging and broken. It was abandoned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki hesitated for a moment, her breath coming in shallow gasps. But the rain was relentless, and she had no other choice. She limped toward the house, her feet slipping on the wet ground. The door was slightly ajar, creaking softly in the wind. She pushed it open, the hinges groaning in protest, and stepped inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Water dripped from her skirt and shirt, pooling on the dusty floorboards. The air inside was damp and musty, the smell of mildew and decay filling her nostrils. The house was silent, save for the sound of the rain pounding against the roof. It was empty, abandoned, but for now, it was shelter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s legs gave out beneath her, and she collapsed onto the floorboards, her body sinking into the worn wood. The storm was no longer hitting her, the relentless rain and wind now muffled by the walls of the house. For the first time in what felt like hours, she could breathe. The air inside was warmer, almost comforting, as if the house itself were wrapping her in a fragile embrace.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her eyelids grew heavy, her vision blurring as exhaustion finally caught up with her. She tried to fight it, to stay awake, but her body refused to obey. The warmth of the house, the stillness, the soft patter of rain on the roof\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it all lulled her into a sense of safety, however fleeting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her thoughts drifted, fragmented and hazy. She thought of her parents, their faces etched with disappointment and fear. She thought of Yaeko Matsuda, her bright smile and the way she had encouraged Haruki to keep painting. She thought of the Art Club, the one place where she had felt like she belonged. And she thought about her future, the path her parents had laid out for her, and the one she so desperately wanted to carve for herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But those thoughts were distant now, fading into the background as sleep pulled her under. Her breathing slowed, her body relaxing against the floorboards. The last thing she felt was the faint warmth of the house, the last thing she heard was the gentle rhythm of the rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And then, she was gone, lost in a deep, dreamless sleep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}