{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The day blurred into the same dull monotony as always. Eddie filled orders for medicines and remedies, extracted ingredients, and stocked the shelves\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just as he had for years. The routine never changed.}
\par\plain {That evening, the glass front door of Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Apothecary clicked shut, the chime of the bell overhead ringing softly as Eddie locked up. He let out a slow breath, stretching his shoulders.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not coming to the Swordfish Pub?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked, glancing at Markus, who was securing the last of the wooden shutters.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry, Eddie.\u8221\'94 Markus sighed, rolling out his shoulders. \u8220\'93My old man\u8217\'92s back has been acting up again. I need to help him out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, alright then. Can\u8217\'92t be helped.\u8221\'94 Eddie huffed but nodded. \u8220\'93Give Mr. Fletcher my best. If he needs anything from the Apothecary, just take it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Markus smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks, Ed, but I\u8217\'92ve already brewed him a custom remedy. Figured I can\u8217\'92t rely on you forever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked in surprise, then let out a small, approving chuckle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at you, making your own remedies. That\u8217\'92s solid work. Tell your old man to rest up, yeah? Maybe stay off the sea for a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Markus snorted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know that\u8217\'92s never happening. The sea could swallow him whole, and he\u8217\'92d still find a way back onto a boat.\u8221\'94 He adjusted his satchel and gave a tired grin. \u8220\'93At least I can help with the back pain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s something, at least.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Markus clapped him on the shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See you tomorrow, Ed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {With that, he turned and headed down the road, his silhouette vanishing into the evening fog.}
\par\plain {Eddie watched as Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s silhouette grew smaller, swallowed by the dip of the road down the hill. Now, it was just him.}
\par\plain {A sharp breeze rolled in from the sea, cutting through his clothes with its usual evening chill. The distant cries of seagulls mixed with the howling wind, carrying the scent of salt and damp wood.}
\par\plain {Eddie sighed, shoving his hands into his pockets as he stepped onto the quiet street. The last traces of the workday lingered in the air\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dim lights in shop windows, the occasional murmur of voices. But the town was winding down.}
\par\plain {And so, alone with the cold and the fading bustle, Eddie made his way toward the pub.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The sign bearing the name Swordfish Pub swayed in the sea breeze as Eddie neared the pub, Fishermen, Merchants, and all sorts of people began to gather to cool off in the evening, including Eddie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He opened the door, and entered the welcoming yet warm chaos within.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Wood-panelled walls adorned with fishing nets surrounds him. Mounted fish and faded nautical charts decorated its walls. Roaring fire crackled in the hearth, casting flickering shadows across the bustling room. A comforting wave of grilled fish and strong ale washed over him.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, well, if it ain\u8217\'92t young Welton!\u8221\'94 the barman greeted as Eddie approached the counter, wiping down a tankard. \u8220\'93Come to grace us with your vast wisdom on herbs and potions, have you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More like blessing myself with a pint,\u8221\'94 Eddie chuckled, settling onto a stool.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The usual, then?\u8221\'94 The barman grinned.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know me.\u8221\'94 Eddie smirked.}
\par\plain {With a practiced motion, the barman filled a tankard to the brim and slid it across the counter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There you go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cheers, mate.\u8221\'94 Eddie said, taking a sip.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hard day at the Apothecary?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something like that,\u8221\'94 Eddie muttered, setting his drink down.}
\par\plain {The barman leaned on the counter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, you can always talk to me about that kinda thing. Lightens the load. People come sit here to do that from time to time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie snorted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you, my therapist now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My rates are cheaper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie let out a laugh. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. I\u8217\'92ll be sure to book a session next time I\u8217\'92m in the middle of a life crisis.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See that you do,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0 The barman laughed, The barkeep chuckled, but the sound was cut short as another patron waved him over. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Duty calls. I\u8217\'92ll see ya later, Welton,\u8221\'94 he said, setting the clean mug aside and heading to the other end of the bar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie was left with his drink. He stared into the amber coloured liquid for a moment. Letting the pub\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ambience fill his ears\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the murmur of conversations, the occasional clink of tankards, and the crackle of the fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, his attention was caught by a voice. Its rhythm sharp and musical. But layered with an unfamiliar guttural quality. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention peaked; the tone familiar, though he couldn\u8217\'92t remember it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Turning his seat, he looked around, scanning the room. Maybe it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Lydia? Or someone he knows, but then, his eyes landed on a figure seated at a corner table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The figure\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sharp, pointed ears were a dead giveaway; Eddie knew instantly who it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 It was Catherine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her figure is leaning forward. Her apple-red hair caught the lantern light. Her sharp, pointed ears made a silhouette distinguishing that she is an Elf. She speaks in rapid bursts of a foreign tongue Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t recognise. Opposite her sat three merchants, their attire adorned with intricate patterns and jewellery that marked them as travellers from distant lands. On the table between them lay a worn, yellowed map, its edges curled and frayed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 What the hell is Catherine doing here? In his usual pub? And what the hell is she doing with those merchants? Is she selling something? Buying something? Didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t she go with his mother earlier this morning?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The scholars were speaking now, their voices hushed. Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s response was fluent, her voice low and measured. Eddie could barely follow, but a few phrases in the common tongue broke through, and from Eddie\u8217\'92s old lesson in Alamirian language, it began to slowly be pieced together, like fragments of a puzzle:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93...the Forbidden Codex of Craemonia Bastion...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s curiosity flared. Quietly, he picked up his tankard and moved to a table a few feet behind her. He moves, taking care not to draw attention to himself. He leaned back, feigning a casual demeanour as he sipped his drink, his ears straining to catch the conversation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The scholars leaned closer to Catherine, one gesturing toward the map.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We will pay you whatever you ask,\u8221\'94 the man said desperately, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re one of the remaining Elves we can contact\u8230\'85 or ever. You are the only one who knows the entrance to their gates.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The codex\u8217\'92s rumour, if they were right,\u8221\'94 The second scholar said, \u8220\'93This can revolutionize everything\u8230\'85 It will elevate Alchemy into a more powerful magic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine tilted her head, her expression unreadable as she considered their words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The third merchants chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Study, leverage\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s all the same in the right hands. Think of how many lives we can save with this knowledge, Katarina.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know where it is, and we have the means to recover it. Name your price.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thoughts churned. Why was Catherine speaking to these scholars about such dangerous things? And why hadn\u8217\'92t she mentioned any of this before?}
\par\plain {Catherine leaned back in her chair, fingers drumming lightly against the wood. Her expression was impassive, but there was an edge to her voice when she finally spoke.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re asking me to unearth something that was never meant to see the light of day,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Have you even considered the consequences? The codex wasn\u8217\'92t written for healing or progress\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was written in blood, for a war that killed millions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think we don\u8217\'92t know that?\u8221\'94 The younger scholar shot back. \u8220\'93But this isn\u8217\'92t about its past. It\u8217\'92s about what it could do now. How many lives could be saved if we understood its knowledge?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what happens when the wrong hands get hold of it?\u8221\'94 Catherine shot back, \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t get to decide who wields that power once it\u8217\'92s out in the open.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No knowledge is inherently good or evil.\u8221\'94 }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The merchant gave a knowing smile, lacing his fingers together. \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93}{It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s how you use it that matters. I suppose you understood that best.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer right away, studying them in silence. The weight of her decision settled between them, thick as the candlelit shadows that flickered against the tavern walls.}
\par\plain {Finally, she sighed, her fingers stilling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I agree,\u8221\'94 she murmured. \u8220\'93You pay me upfront. No games. No bargaining.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The scholar barely hesitated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {With a sharp nod, he reached into his satchel and withdrew a worn parchment, unfolding it across the table. His finger traced a point near the jagged outline of a mountain range. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The codex is likely kept here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an old research laboratory, buried beneath the ruins of the bastion itself. We believe it was sealed centuries ago, by the Elves\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He glanced at Catherine pointedly. \u8220\'93This is where I suppose you come in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine leaned in, studying the map. Her fingers brushed over the inked lines, taking in the details before she swiftly folded the parchment and tucked it into her sash.}
\par\plain {The merchant beside him wordlessly placed a small pouch of coins on the table and nudged it toward her.}
\par\plain {The shift was instant. Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seriousness melted away, replaced by a wide, triumphant grin\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like a child handed a sack of sweets. She scooped up the pouch with a flourish, weighing it in her palm.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, gentlemen, it\u8217\'92s been a pleasure doing business,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone once again airy and playful. \u8220\'93Here\u8217\'92s hoping you don\u8217\'92t get yourselves hexed along the way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She left the table with a spring in her step, dodging the crowded pub toward the door. On her way, she tossed a few coins onto the bar, calling out a quick thanks to the barkeep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart raced as she approached. He sank deeper into his chair, his body to remain hidden in the pub\u8217\'92s dim lighting. The flicker of a gas lamp threw shadows across his face, and he held his breath as she passed mere feet away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice him. The door swung shut behind her with a soft creak, and Eddie exhaled, relief washing over him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The merchants remained at their table. They are deep in conversation, their voices slipping back into their native tongue. So many questions had popped inside Eddie, who were Catherine talking to? What is she doing here? And most importantly, what does she have to do with The Nightingale Dragon?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Maybe It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a conversation for another day, Eddie wasn\u8217\'92t supposed to hear about this anyway, it was Catherine\u8217\'92s business, he shouldn\u8217\'92t pry. Eddie relaxed, taking another sip from his tankard,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Were you listening, boy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {The voice carried an unfamiliar accent, clipped and precise, with an edge of quiet authority. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze snapped to the speaker\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one of the scholars, the eldest among them. His grizzled beard was streaked with silver, his sharp eyes shadowed with suspicion.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What did you hear?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie opened his mouth, but before he could answer, another of the scholars spoke up, his tone hushed but urgent. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing, brother? Leave him be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94 The elder scholar didn\u8217\'92t look away. \u8220\'93He was eavesdropping. He heard things not meant for him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The third scholar straightened, his expression darkening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How long?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 the elder said, still watching Eddie like a hawk. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I intend to find out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A slow, heavy silence settled between them. The air in the tavern felt suddenly thicker, the clatter of mugs and distant laughter a world away.}
\par\plain {At the elder scholar\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words, the other two followed suit. Their previous air of casual conversation had vanished, replaced by something colder, more calculating.}
\par\plain {They moved as one, stepping away from their table and closing in around Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. The flickering gas lamp above cast long shadows across their faces, leaving their eyes glinting in the dim light. Eddie sat in the darkness beneath them, trapped under their watchful gaze.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I wasn\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Eddie stammered, his mind scrambling for an excuse.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t lie to me, boy.\u8221\'94 The eldest scholar leaned closer, his tone low and deliberate. \u8220\'93How long were you listening? What did you hear?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93N-no, I wasn\u8217\'92t listening, I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I\u8217\'92m just here for a drink,\u8221\'94 Eddie stammered, his grip tightening around his tankard. His eyes flicked between them, searching for any sign of mercy.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Liar,\u8221\'94 the second scholar spat.}
\par\plain {The third folded his arms, his expression grim. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s too well-dressed to be some common Weshaven drunk. And he\u8217\'92s alone. Could be one of }{\f0\fs24\i1 them}{.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach turned. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Them?}
\par\plain {The elder scholar exhaled sharply. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The underground has eyes everywhere. That\u8217\'92s how they work\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 blend in, listen, report. If he\u8217\'92s one of their spies\u8230\'85 We\u8217\'92re done for!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand patted against his jacket pocket. Then the next, and the next, his fingers patting each in turn as if searching for a lifeline. Nothing. He moved to the inner pocket. Still nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his pants pocket. His heart skipped a beat. There it was. A wand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 How did he still have it? He had meant to give it back earlier this morning, but with Markus coming in and everything else, it must\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve slipped his mind. His fingers curled around it instinctively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The fishermen at the bar let out a booming laugh, the sound breaking briefly through Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rising panic, Indifferent to his danger.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted around the room, scanning for anything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 anything}{\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he could use. Then he saw it.}
\par\plain {A dusty, half-forgotten bottle sat on a shelf behind the bar, its glass clouded with age. The dark liquid inside barely sloshed, thick and undisturbed, a relic from some long-gone era. But more importantly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eddie knew what that meant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Bingo!}{ He thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Old spirits. High proof. Stored for years.}
\par\plain {His mind raced. Over time, alcohol evaporates, saturating the air within the bottle. A single spark, the right amount of heat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 boom.}
\par\plain {A perfect distraction.}
\par\plain {His stomach twisted. He had sworn never to use alchemy again. Never after\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 No, not now. Focus.}
\par\plain {The scholars edged closer, their suspicion pressing down like a weight on his chest. He could talk his way out of a tavern brawl. But this? This was something else entirely. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be tangled up with them. He had no choice.}
\par\plain {Beneath the table, Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers brushed against Torrie\u8217\'92s wand.}
\par\plain {A grim irony.}
\par\plain {Slowly, he slid it free, concealing it against his leg. Taking a steadying breath, he traced a circle on the worn wood of the table, moving with quiet precision. Runes followed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 water, alcohol, vapor, ignition.}{ Each stroke glowed faintly before fading into the grain.}
\par\plain {His heart pounded. He could feel the magic humming beneath his fingertips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Just one spark\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With a swift flick of Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wand hidden beneath the table. He triggered the stages of transformation, shifting the bottle\u8217\'92s integrity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 A sharp crack.}
\par\plain {The bottle didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just crack\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it exploded.}
\par\plain {A fiery burst of vapor and shattered glass erupted behind the burly fisherman, dousing his head in a splash of decades-old liquor. The shockwave sent nearby bottles toppling, and with them, more bursts of flame as their alcohol-rich vapors ignited.}
\par\plain {A chain reaction.}
\par\plain {But Eddie wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t done.}
\par\plain {In the split second before the explosion, he lunged forward and }{\f0\fs24\i1 shoved}{ one of the scholar straight into the fisherman.}
\par\plain {The timing was perfect.}
\par\plain {The burly man staggered as the explosion seared the air behind him. And when he spun around, fists clenched, his furious gaze locked onto the scholar sprawled at his feet.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\i1 You fucking bastard!}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 the fisherman roared.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\i1 My vintage collection!}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 The barkeep screamed in horror, but h}{is wail cut through the tavern as he watched years of fine wine flows down to the floor.}
\par\plain {The scholar barely had time to stammer out a protest before the fisherman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s massive fist }{\f0\fs24\i1 slammed}{ into his jaw, sending him crashing into the second scholar.}
\par\plain {The scimitar-wielder reached for his blade\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 too late. A second fisherman tackled him to the ground, locking thick arms around his waist.}
\par\plain {The third scholar saw the chaos unfold and did the only thing he could\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 ran.}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wait to see how it all played out.}
\par\plain {He was already moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The pub filled with the sounds of shouting, breaking chairs, and clattering glass. Other fishermen joined in, eager for an excuse to throw a punch. The merchants, caught off guard, scrambled to defend themselves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie slid his chair back quietly, sinking deeper into the shadows. The commotion provided the perfect cover.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As fists flew and tables overturned, he clutched the wand tightly in his hand and edged toward the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie slipped out of the pub and into the cool night air, the sounds of the brawl fading behind him. His heart pounded in his chest as he shoved Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s wand back into his pocket.}}