{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The lab spit me out into a nightmare. I stumbled into open air that tasted of ash and rain, and my first real sight of the world was\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 broken. A god\u8217\'92s head, big as a house, lay cracked on the ground, its stone eyes staring into a sky the color of a day-old bruise. I was standing in the ruins of something magnificent, something that had been torn down with incredible violence. My memory was a hollow cavern, but my gut screamed that this was wrong. This place was dead. And I was utterly, terrifyingly alone.}
\par\plain {That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when the voice came, scraping against the silence like metal on stone. "Unit designation unrecognized. Cease all movement. Comply."}
\par\plain {I turned, and my synthetic heart, a machine I was still getting used to, kicked into a frantic rhythm. A line of black robots, all sharp angles and glowing red eyes, was moving toward me. They looked like insects, but they held themselves with the authority of executioners. Trooper Units. The name just appeared in my head, another piece of data in the void.}
\par\plain {"Wait!" I yelled, my voice cracking. "I think there's been a mistake." }{\f0\fs24\i1 Mistake?}{ a voice in my head scoffed. }{\f0\fs24\i1 You woke up on a slab with a new body and no memories in a world of ruins. Everything is a mistake.}
\par\plain {The lead robot didn't care. They raised their guns. Red light pooled at the muzzles of their rifles. }{\f0\fs24\i1 I was going to die. Again?}{ I didn't know. I flinched, bracing for an impact that never came. Instead, I heard a sound like beautiful bells being struck, and a shadow fell over me. A blur of white and gold slammed into the space in front of me. A wing, gleaming and porcelain, had blocked the shots. I watched, stunned, as a giant mechanical eagle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a creature straight out of a myth I couldn't remember\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dismantled the lead trooper with a single, brutally efficient strike of its talons.}
\par\plain {The eagle turned its head in a perfect, unnerving circle to look at me. "I calculated a 97.4% probability that they would be unreasonable," it said. Its voice was bizarrely calm, logical. "Though I admit, I'd hoped to be wrong. It would have saved me the effort."}
\par\plain {I just stared. A talking robot eagle with an attitude. Great. "What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 who are you?" was all I could manage.}
\par\plain {"You may call me Eagle," it said, its attention still on the other troopers, who were now holding their ground but not advancing. "My purpose is to ensure you remain operational."}
\par\plain {"Operational? Is that what I am now?" I held up my hands, the alien mix of metal and synthetic skin. "Some kind of machine to be kept running? Those things were going to kill me!"}
\par\plain {"A predictable outcome," Eagle stated flatly. "They are Pacification Units. You are, to put it mildly, an unscheduled event. In the Authority\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s calculus, such events are rounded down to zero."}
\par\plain {The coldness of his logic sent a shiver through me. "The Authority? Who is that? And who am I? Tell me!" I demanded, my fear boiling over into anger.}
\par\plain {The eagle paused, its head tilting as if it were truly considering me for the first time. "You are the mission," it said softly, a strange inflection in its synthesized voice. "And you are Aruna."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Aruna.}{ The name echoed in the vast emptiness of my mind. It was the first solid thing I could hold onto. But the moment was shattered by a squawk of radio static from the dead trooper at my feet.}
\par\plain {Eagle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s calm demeanor vanished. "Reinforcements," he snapped, his voice now sharp and commanding. "Heavy assets. We are out of time. We go now."}}