{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8226\'95;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-270\li540\lin540}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And so, after that day, Eddie had left the apothecary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the first time in so many years, Eddie excused himself from his parents, Markus and everyone at the apothecary that Eddie will be taking a break from the potion mixing to study Alchemy, everyone at the apothecary rechieved it well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since then, for everyday he would wake up early, tidy up his bedroom and took his sister to school now that he had time to do that. He would board the ferry into Osthaven with her, but it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just for Torrie, what Eddie was looking for was the library in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The library was located not far from the Sage Institute building, but it is still a library curated by the Sage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Institute. It wasn\u8217\'92t such a big library, but it houses enough books for Eddie to study on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And so Eddie sat down for the entire day, books mounting on his pile on and on as he continued reading, notebooks filled with notes upon notes from different books as he studied a theory and find a book to challenge the previous one. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And when the day was over, he went back to Aella Academy, talked to Mr. Ferie about what he had learned and took Torrie home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And thus was his new routine, for days.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Days has gone into weeks}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Exam is approaching.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ebbs and flows of the ferry boat lulls him in his reluctant sleep,}{ Weeks of relentless study had taken its toll on him. His hair was more unkempt than usual, tufts sticking up where he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d run his fingers through it in frustration. Heavy shadows under his  eyes indicates the sleepless nights chasing formulas and theories. He blinked hard, fighting the pull of sleep as the tram jolted over another bump. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {On his lap lay a dishevelled pile of notes. Some in precise, orderly handwriting, others in his own frantic scrawl. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s barely legible after feverish study sessions. Intricate alchemical diagrams spiralled across the pages like cryptic secrets. Each symbol is a lifeline connecting him to an Alchemist\u8217\'92s teachings. He clutched them tightly, a bridge between himself and the elusive mastery of alchemy he could almost feel slipping through his tired fingers. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The steam horn blows, indicating its arrival into Osthaven. Eddie jolted awake, he gathered his notes and puts them in his satchel, this is it.}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie stood in front of the Sage\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Institute, feeling the pulse of the place that had once overwhelmed him. Two weeks prior, its towering stone fa\u231\'E7ade, wrapped in ancient ivy and etched with weatherworn details, had struck awe into his heart. It made him feel small and uncertain. Today, though, his view had shifted. The imposing structure, with its iron-framed windows and the owl-emblazoned emblem above the double oak doors, was no longer a symbol of wonder and intimidation. It was now a challenge\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something he was determined to conquer.}
\par\plain {The entrance loomed, daring him forward. With his bag slung over his shoulder, Eddie steeled himself as he approached the doors. The scent of old parchment, ink, and polished wood filled his lungs as he stepped inside. As he entered the reception hall, the glow of warm, golden light from the chandeliers bathed the scene in a challenging warmth. The floor tiles hummed beneath his feet, each one etched with softly glowing runes. The knowledge and wisdom within these walls were palpable, like a current of energy thrumming beneath the surface.}
\par\plain {Eddie took in the circular chamber with wide eyes. At its heart was the massive mahogany desk. Staffed by blue-robed clerks who attended to the quiet stream of students and scholars with an air of precision. Behind them was a grand, engraved map of Solivia and its surrounding realms. Golden pins marked affiliated schools, each one a testament to the reach and influence of the Institute.}
\par\plain {For a brief moment, Eddie felt the old wonder bubble up, but it quickly gave way to renewed purpose. He scanned the room, taking in the portraits of past scholars with their solemn, assessing gazes that seemed to measure each newcomer. Eddie met their stares, silently vowing to prove himself worthy of the path they had once trod. His journey might have started with uncertainty, but now, standing in the Institute\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grand halls, he felt his purpose sharpen.}
\par\plain {Eddie approached the reception desk, heart pounding, but he kept his expression steady. His fingers clenched around the strap of his bag as he forced himself to breathe steadily. Despite the familiar weight of nervousness in his chest, he reminded himself why he was here and coming this far. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let fear slip through now.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m here for the entrance exam,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice more assertive than he felt. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m scheduled for today, Faculty of Alchemy, Edenfield University.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The receptionist is a middle-aged woman. A bored expression in her eyes, she barely looked up from her ledger. Her eyes flicked over him. Taking in his travel-worn clothes, the faint circles under his eyes, and the ink-stained notes poking out of his bag. She raised an eyebrow, unimpressed.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No alchemy exams scheduled for today,\u8221\'94 she said flatly, flipping a page, as if dismissing him entirely.}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked, thrown off balance. His nerves surged into confusion, and for a moment, the confidence he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been holding onto wavered. His mind raced as he searched for an explanation. Had he made a mistake? Had the letter given the wrong date? No, he remembered it clearly. He\u8217\'92d checked it more times than he could count.}
\par\plain {He forced himself to stand a little straighter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you certain? I received an invitation from the Sage\u8217\'92s Institute itself. This is my scholarship exam.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The woman sighed, glancing at him again, with perhaps a trace of interest in her otherwise disinterested gaze.}
\par\plain {The receptionist\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze hardened with finality. \u8220\'93No exam for today,\u8221\'94 she said, returning to her ledger.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart dropped, but the shock quickly gave way to a determined resolve. He wasn\u8217\'92t about to be dismissed so easily. Reaching into his bag, he pulled out the letter he\u8217\'92d kept carefully folded. Emma Somers signed the invitation herself. He held it out, his hand steady.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here. This letter,\u8221\'94 he said, keeping his tone respectful yet firm. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s from Emma Somers. She asked me to come today.}
\par\plain {The woman looked at the letter with raised eyebrows, then, as though sensing a shift in the situation, she took it. Her eyes moved over the parchment slowly. Her expression softened with something close to interest. She looked up at him, now with a different sort of scrutiny.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm,\u8221\'94 she murmured, folding the letter back and giving it to him. Her lips quirked, and there was a new gleam in her eye as she regarded him. \u8220\'93Very well. Go through to the second hall on the right.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie tucked the letter safely into his bag and nodded, exhaling as he felt a fresh surge of energy. Holding his head high, he stepped past the desk. Feeling the weight of the Institute\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stone halls surrounding him, he made his way to the hall.}
\par\plain {Eddie stepped into the second hall, and his breath caught. The space was vast. Its vaulted ceiling stretches high above, like the dome of some ancient cathedral. The air here felt different. Reverent, almost sacred. It carries the faint scent of parchment, ink, and something else. Alchemical, like copper and ash, linger long after an experiment. Lining the hall\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s walls, gilded frames encased seven portraits. Each one a silent sentinel watching over those who dared tread this path. This was no ordinary gallery; it was a hall dedicated to studying Alchemical Knowledge. A space reserved for those embarking on the rigorous journey of Alchemical mastery.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze drifted across the portraits, taking in the sombre, powerful faces of the Master Alchemists. Legends whose contributions had shaped the very foundation of Alchemy itself. Careful, ornate lettering on brass plaques beneath each portrait displays their names. Carried the weight of history.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Master Alchemist Magnus Borman}{ \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  a stern figure. Piercing eyes, his beard streaked with silver. The codices said he had perfected the formula for stabilising volatile transmutations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Master Alchemist Dale Singleton}{ \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  depicted younger than Eddie expected. His sharp grin betraying a mischievous brilliance. Singleton had revolutionised the use of alchemical catalysts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Master Alchemist Lucy Manning}{ \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  her calm expression belied the fire in her gaze. A pioneer who had pushed the limits of elemental transmutations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Master Alchemist Rebecca Stafford}{ \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  an elegant woman in a velvet gown. She is holding an intricate transmutation circle in her hands. Rumoured to have unlocked the secrets of organic alchemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Master Alchemist Hatiim al-Kader}{ \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  his deep-set eyes seemed to follow Eddie. The scholar who codified Alchemy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s first universal laws. His silhouette was lean and severe. Robed in layered garments with intricate calligraphy stitched into every fold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Master Alchemist Faraah el-Hosein}{ \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  depicted in desert robes with gold-threaded hems. Known for merging cultural philosophies into alchemical practice. El-Hosein\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s work had unified diverse alchemical philosophies. Merging the Eastern traditions of balance and spirit with the more rigid sciences of the West.}
\par\plain {And finally, at the end of the hall, Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes fell on a face he knew all too well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Master Alchemist Catherine}{ \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  the Elf.}
\par\plain {Eddie felt a swell of both wonder and pride. A fresh realisation of just how much of her knowledge she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d shared with him. He couldn\u8217\'92t help but feel the weight of that inheritance on his shoulders. She wasn\u8217\'92t just his aunt, but an indelible part of magical history.}
\par\plain {Catherine had no surname; she never needed one. Rendered in striking, exquisite detail. The portrait stood apart, not for its style, but because of the person it depicted. Her angular Elven features, pale skin, and sharp green eyes were impossible to mistake. Her vibrant red hair framed her face in waves, just as he remembered. The painting portrayed her with a quiet, composed expression that carried the weight of her legacy. She wore her characteristic red overcoat. Layered with a cloak that is black trimmed with gold. And on her belt gleamed an intricate transmutation sigil\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mark of her mastery.}
\par\plain {Eddie stared, a strange mix of pride and disbelief welling in his chest. How easy it was to forget, amid her dry wit and peculiar humour, that Catherine was more than his aunt. She was a legend. }{\f0\fs24\b1 Catherine the Elf}{ is an innovator whose name appeared in nearly every codex and alchemical manuscript worth reading. To the world, she was a Master Alchemist, one of the greatest minds alive.}
\par\plain {The silence of the hall pressed in on him. Eddie exhaled slowly, feeling the enormity of it all. And yet, looking at Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s painted likeness, he couldn\u8217\'92t help but feel as though she were watching him. Expectant, but not unkind.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Master Alchemist Catherine,\u8221\'94 Eddie whispered to himself, his voice soft. And for a moment, it felt as though the portrait might answer.}
\par\plain {As he entered the hall, the people beside him were not what he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d expected. No one was near his age\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 in fact, the closest seemed to be in their early thirties. One woman, wrapped in deep emerald robes, looked every inch like a seasoned sorceress. Beside her sat a bearded man flipping through a well-worn alchemical tome. Experience and patience etched his face. Another candidate, an older woman with silver-streaked hair, held a staff on her lap, its gemstone glowing faintly as though it had a life of its own. Each one radiated an air of experience and competence, and Eddie felt his stomach twist.}
\par\plain {He fidgeted with the strap of his satchel. His fingers grazed the notes from Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lessons. As though the feel of the parchment could give him some courage. Was he really in the right place?}
\par\plain {He double-checked Emma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s letter. The crisp parchment clutched tightly in his hand as he read over her simple instructions for the day. And the receptionist had told him to come here, hadn\u8217\'92t she? Still, a creeping sense of doubt slipped in as he glanced again at his neighbours. They seemed leagues ahead of him, their eyes calm and calculating, a sharp contrast to the quiet storm brewing inside him.}
\par\plain {He took a deep breath, steadying himself. Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice echoed in his mind: }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Alchemy isn\u8217\'92t easy, but it will bend to the determined.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {With that thought, Eddie forced himself to sit up straighter, squaring his shoulders.}
\par\plain {The door to the exam room swung open, and Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened as Emma Somers stepped out. She looked as intimidating as ever. Her sharp gaze scanned the waiting area before settling on him, her expression unreadable. She walked over briskly, her gaze piercing through his nervousness.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, Mr Welton,\u8221\'94 she said in a tone that held both appraisal and challenge. \u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92ve come.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie took a deep breath, willing himself to keep steady. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did. I decided from the start.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A hint of approval flickered in her eyes, and she nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good. I wish you luck, then. This examination may prove... challenging. The professors here consider it one of the harder assessments.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve prepared,\u8220\'93 Eddie replied, determined to sound more confident than he felt.}
\par\plain {But a booming voice rang through the examination hall, echoing off the stone walls.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Attention all candidates. The Intermediate Alchemist Proficiency Examination will begin in one minute. Proceed to the designated testing area.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach dropped. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Intermediate Alchemist Proficiency Examination?}{ His heart pounded as he looked around at the other candidates. Who barely reacted, already looking seasoned and ready. It hit him with sickening clarity. Emma hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t registered him for the entrance exam. She had signed him up for an Intermediate Proficiency test meant for those with experience and skill well beyond his.}
\par\plain {A cold sweat prickled his forehead as he turned to Emma, searching her face for any sign of a mistake. But her expression was calm, composed, as if this had been the plan all along.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mrs Somers, I... I thought...\u8220\'93 His words caught in his throat.}
\par\plain {She raised an eyebrow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I assumed you\u8217\'92d prefer a genuine challenge, Mr Welton. You came here to prove yourself, did you not?\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth was dry, his thoughts racing. Catherine\u8217\'92s lessons flashed before his eyes, every scrap of paper he\u8217\'92d pored over in the dead of night. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Was he ready?}{ He forced himself to swallow, the determination flickering under his shock.}
\par\plain {Eddie leaned in, his voice a tense whisper brimming with frustration. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is a test for }{\f0\fs24\i1 Intermediate Alchemists}{, not a basic entrance exam for Bachelor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Emma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes barely flickered. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d be correct,\u8220\'93 she replied coolly.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s }{\f0\fs24\i1 unfair!}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93 he hissed, struggling to keep his voice low. \u8220\'93I came here to take the entrance exam for the Bachelor of Alchemy, not\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whatever this is!\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {Emma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze hardened, her voice quiet but unyielding. \u8220\'93You walked into this institute with connections, Mr Welton. Unfair advantages are rarely without their price.\u8220\'93 Her lips curled in a faint, knowing smile. \u8220\'93This should be a walk in the park for the student of the }{\f0\fs24\i1 renowned}{ Master Alchemist, Catherine the Elf. I wish you the best of luck.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Before he could respond, she turned on her heel. Leaving him standing there, his mouth half-open in protest.}
\par\plain {Eddie cursed under his breath, his fingers tightening into fists at his sides. His suspicions had been correct. He glanced around the room and saw it clearly now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something was }{\f0\fs24\i1 off}{. The other candidates weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wide-eyed, hopeful, or anxious like him. No, they were calm and collected. Experienced. Some even wore faint smirks, like they already knew what test they\u8217\'92d face.}
\par\plain {It hit him all at once.}
\par\plain {This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just an entrance exam. This was something far more advanced. And the bitter taste of betrayal settled in his chest as he finally understood.}
\par\plain {The announcer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice boomed across the hall, cutting through his thoughts.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome, candidates, to the Intermediate Alchemist Proficiency Examination.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie froze, his blood running cold. So that was it. The truth. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just here to prove he belonged in the Institute. He was here to }{\f0\fs24\i1 prove himself}{ as an }{\f0\fs24\i1 Intermediate Alchemist}{. This was no entrance exam. No, Emma wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t testing Eddie\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was }{\f0\fs24\i1 challenging}{ him.}
\par\plain {His heart began to race. His palms felt clammy. He was in the deep end now, and there was no turning back.}
\par\plain {He glanced at the candidates again. Their eyes held a mix of confidence and subtle challenge, and Eddie knew\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just competing for a spot. He was fighting to stay in the game.}
\par\plain {The announcer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice rang out across the hall again, steady and commanding. Eddie turned his attention to the podium. A neatly dressed elderly man stood in red robes that spoke of years of expertise. And of a life dedicated to alchemy. His face, while grizzled with age, carried an air of efficiency. The kind one might expect from someone who\u8217\'92d spent decades in a lab, turning base metals into something more. His eyes twinkled with the quiet authority of someone who had seen it all.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Candidates,\u8220\'93 the announcer began. His voice echoed in the silence, \u8220\'93Welcome to the Intermediate Alchemist Proficiency Examination. The task before you is simple but no less challenging\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 turn }{\f0\fs24\i1 Lead into Gold.}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {A murmur rippled through the room as the statement\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s weight hit the candidates. The task was one of the oldest, most coveted alchemical feats. The transmutation of base metal into precious gold. Eddie\u8217\'92s heart skipped a beat. That was\u8230\'85 no small feat.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have until the evening to complete this task,\u8220\'93 the announcer continued. \u8220\'93We assigned each of you a desk equipped with the basic tools and materials.\u8221\'94 Use them wisely. You may begin when you are ready.\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flitted around the room. Sure enough, desks lined the walls, each outfitted with various alchemical tools. Glass beakers, stirring rods, copper cauldrons, and crucibles. A few desks even had small bundles of lead sitting at their centres, waiting to be transformed. It was a simple setup, but that only made it more intimidating. The tools at his disposal were nothing fancy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just the basic necessities for an alchemist. And yet, in this moment, they felt like the key to his success or the instrument of his failure.}
\par\plain {The announcer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice broke through his thoughts. \u8220\'93Good luck to all of you. The clock starts now. Please proceed to your desks and begin your work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie took a deep breath. There was no turning back now. He straightened up, his muscles tight with anticipation, and made his way to the desk in the far corner of the room. As he approached, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but glance at the other candidates. Each moved with quiet confidence, their hands already reaching for their tools. They weren\u8217\'92t just here to pass\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they were here to }{\f0\fs24\i1 succeed}{, to prove their mastery.}
\par\plain {His heart pounded harder in his chest. But he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to back down. This was his moment. He had come this far and wouldn\u8217\'92t let fear dictate his actions. Taking his place at the desk, Eddie carefully set down his materials, his hands steady despite the adrenaline coursing through his veins.}
\par\pard\plain \li540\fi-270\sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	 \uc0\u8226 	}{o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie sat at his desk, his elbows propped on the icy surface, staring down at the tools before him. The nameplate before him read \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edward Welton\u8220\'93 as if to remind him who he was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and what he was supposed to be capable of. But right now, Eddie didn\u8217\'92t feel like an alchemist. He felt like a fraud.}
\par\plain {Two hours had passed since the test began, despite that, he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lifted a single tool. His fingers hovered just above the alchemical instruments. Flasks, tongs, and glass vials\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but his hands refused to make a move. Instead, they rubbed at his messy silver hair in frustration, tugging at strands that had already begun to fall in front of his eyes. The task in front of him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a simple enough request, at least in words: turn lead into gold\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was anything but simple.}
\par\plain {Eddie had read every codex Catherine had shoved at him. Every scroll, tome, and crumbling parchment detailing such a feat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impossibility. The transmutation of base metals into gold was a legend. A metaphor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something to be aspired to but never achieved. The very foundation of alchemy was based on the understanding that this was }{\f0\fs24\i1 not possible}{. The laws of nature couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be bent that far. The balance of the world wouldn\u8217\'92t allow it.}
\par\plain {But here he was, sitting at his desk. Surrounded by seasoned alchemists and magicians who, like him, had seen these truths. Eddie wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t some fool. He knew what the job entailed. He knew }{\f0\fs24\i1 what they were asking}{. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen what it took to even begin to grasp the basic principles of alchemy. And he was damn sure that turning lead into gold was no more possible than flying by flapping your arms.}
\par\plain {Yet, as Eddie glanced around the room. At the others already bent over their tasks with calm, deliberate focus, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but feel the crushing weight of doubt. Were they pretending? Or was he the one who had missed something?}
\par\plain {A sick knot twisted in his stomach. His gaze flicked back to the lead on his desk, the dull, grey metal sitting there as if mocking him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lead into gold,\u8220\'93 he muttered, his voice strained. The thought of trying to make this happen felt like trying to fight a bear with a toothpick. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Impossible.}{ And the more he thought about it, the more absurd it all seemed. He could already hear Emma\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smug tone as she threw him into this test, watching him flounder. She knew this was a lost cause. She had to.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck,\u8220\'93 Eddie cursed, grinding his teeth. His eyes stung with frustration. }{\f0\fs24\i1 How am I supposed to do this?}{ Catherine never prepared him for this kind of nonsense. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d taught him the fundamentals. The transformation of one material to another, the study of the elements, the intricate steps of the alchemical process\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but }{\f0\fs24\i1 this}{? This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t alchemy. This was some ridiculous, idealistic dream that didn\u8217\'92t even belong in a classroom.}
\par\plain {The more he thought about it, the angrier he became. He had been dragged into this mess, thinking it was the entrance exam he had prepared for. Instead, he was being asked to do the impossible. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Turn lead into gold.}
\par\plain {The more Eddie wrestled with the task, the clearer it became: this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about alchemy. It was about something else\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a test of his resolve, a challenge designed to make him confront his limitations. To see how far he\u8217\'92d go when faced with the impossible. And for all his studies and preparation, Eddie wasn\u8217\'92t sure if he was ready to face this kind of challenge. He had always believed in the rational, the attainable. Now? He was standing at the edge of a cliff.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re asking me to fight a bear with a toothpick at this point, Somers,\u8220\'93 he muttered bitterly, his hands gripping the edge of the desk. He was at a crossroads, and it was dawning on him that no amount of knowledge could help him now.}
\par\plain {It was all or nothing. }}