{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The cobblestones beneath their feet gradually gave way to packed dirt. Catherine's staff's rhythmic clicking softened on the more forgiving ground. Earthy scents of tilled soil and hay replaced the fish markets and harbour smells of salt and brine. Weathered barns with peeling paint stood amidst sprawling fields, and the occasional farmhouse, smoke curling lazily from its chimneys, dotted the horizon.}
\par\plain {Eddie walked, the rifle strapped across his back, swaying slightly with his steps. Catherine, ever the scholar, kept stealing glances at the weapon. Finally, her curiosity got the better of her.}
\par\plain {"Eddie," she began, her tone casual but probing, "I've been meaning to ask about that flintlock of yours. It's not exactly what you see every day, especially for someone working at an apothecary."}
\par\plain {Eddie sighed lightly as though he had anticipated the question. "It's more of a hand-me-down, I guess," he said, adjusting the strap on his shoulder. "Back when Weshaven was still full of wolves and wild animals, Dad taught my brother Alfred how to use it. Alfred would go into the woods and scare off anything too close to the farms. Sometimes, he'd even shoot them if they were too bold."}
\par\plain {Torrie, who had been eavesdropping, piped up with wide-eyed enthusiasm. "Wait, like actual wolves? Did Alfred ever fight one off?"}
\par\plain {Eddie chuckled, shaking his head. "No, it never got that dramatic. Most of the time, the sound of the shot was enough to send them running."}
\par\plain {"Boo," Torrie pouted, twirling her wand idly. "I thought we were finally hearing a good action story."}
\par\plain {Catherine tilted her head, her gaze flicking back to the rifle. "And now? I assume there aren't any wolves around anymore."}
\par\plain {"Not really," Eddie replied. "There's a Hunting Guild that takes care of stuff like that. They meet at the Swordfish Pub. They keep the area safe, so I haven't had to use this thing in ages. Honestly, it's just been collecting dust."}
\par\plain {"So why bring it now?" Catherine pressed, a note of curiosity creeping into her tone.}
\par\plain {Eddie shrugged, a small, sheepish smile forming. "Because it's cool."}
\par\plain {Catherine couldn't hold back her laughter this time. Her composed facade broke for a moment. Eddie smirked, shaking his head at Torrie's antics.}
\par\plain {"Alright, alright," he said, his voice edged with mock exasperation. "Let's just hope none of you are begging me for help when something shows up."}
\par\plain {Markus clapped Eddie on the back, his grin widening. "If something does, I'll ask the bard in Swordfish to make a song about you. 'Eddie Welton and the Rusty Rifle.' Has a nice ring, doesn't it?"}
\par\plain {The group's laughter echoed across the dirt road. The distant lowing of cows and the rustling of leaves in the breeze filled the air. However, the tension of the morning still lingered in Eddie's mind. He couldn't help but feel a flicker of warmth amidst the camaraderie.}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {-o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {As they ventured into the gathering dusk, the world around them grew quieter. Their footsteps and the distant calls of seabirds were the sounds they could hear. The path ahead was long, and the mysteries of the Deep Glaive awaited.}
\par\plain {The path they had been following gave way to a darker earth. The cobblestones disappear beneath layers of fallen leaves. Catherine's party is approaching the edge of the Deep Glaive. The sun was now just a sliver on the horizon, casting the last rays of daylight through the trees. As they drew nearer, the forest ahead seemed almost unremarkable\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a small cluster of trees, their branches swaying gently in the evening breeze.}
\par\plain {But as they crossed the threshold into the forest, the air seemed to shift. It became cooler, denser, and more vibrant. The small, unassuming trees began to grow taller. Their trunks thickened, and their canopies stretched higher into the sky. The underbrush, once sparse, now teemed with strange, luminescent flora, casting an otherworldly glow on the path ahead.}
\par\plain {Catherine was the first to react, her eyes widening in astonishment as she took in the sight before her. "Look at it... It's more incredible than I imagined." Awe filled her voice, each word a reverent whisper. She stepped forward, her fingers lightly grazing the bark of a nearby tree, which seemed to pulse gently beneath her touch. "I've read about the Deep Glaive in countless texts, but seeing it in person... It's like stepping into another world."}
\par\plain {Torrie, who had been trailing behind her, was equally mesmerised. Her gaze darted from one glowing plant to the next, and her hands were itching to gather samples. "It's like the trees are alive... I mean, really alive," she murmured, her voice tinged with the wonder of a child seeing magic for the first time. She turned to Catherine, her eyes sparkling. Catherine, can we collect some of these? Just imagine the experiments we could conduct!"}
\par\plain {Catherine chuckled softly, her earlier playful demeanour returning as she nodded. "Yes, but let's not be too hasty, Torrie. People know the Deep Glaive for its beauty, but also its dangers. We must tread carefully."}
\par\plain {Markus, who had been lingering at the back, stepped forward. Quiet reverence replaced his usually cheerful expression. He glanced around, his eyes wide with both fear and fascination. "I didn't expect it to be so... vast. It's like the forest goes on forever." He let out a shaky breath, rubbing the back of his neck as he tried to steady his nerves.}
\par\plain {Eddie stood apart from the others. He watched their reactions with a sense of detachment. He had read about the Deep Glaive in his academy days and studied its mysteries. His younger self would have been giddy with excitement. He would be eager to explore every inch of this magical place. But now, as he looked around at the towering trees and the glowing plants, he felt a dull sense of indifference.}
\par\plain {It's just a forest, he thought to himself. Trees, plants, maybe a few magical creatures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nothing special.}
\par\plain {He knew the theory behind the forest's strange properties. Its size was an illusion, and it seemed to stretch endlessly for those who ventured inside. But knowing the how and why stripped away the wonder. He saw what others saw as extraordinary as simply the result of magical phenomena he had once been so passionate about, now reduced to nothing more than trivial facts in his mind.}
\par\plain {Catherine turned to him, her eyes still wide with excitement. "Eddie, isn't this just amazing? I remember how you used to talk about places like this when you were a child. You were always so eager to see them for yourself."}
\par\plain {Eddie forced a smile, nodding politely. "It's impressive, I suppose."}
\par\plain {Catherine blinked, surprised by his lack of enthusiasm. She studied him momentarily as if trying to reconcile the man before her with the boy she remembered. "Still, there's something magical about being here in person, don't you think?"}
\par\plain {"Yeah." Eddie shrugged, his expression neutral. "I think so."}
\par\plain {Catherine, undeterred by Eddie's indifference, smiled warmly at the group. "Alright, let's not waste any more time. We've got work to do, and the Deep Glaive won't wait for us. Stay close, and remember\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this forest may be beautiful, but it's also unpredictable."}
\par\plain {As they ventured deeper into the forest. Catherine and Torrie continued to marvel at their surroundings. Markus followed closely, his nerves slowly easing as he became more accustomed to the strange sights around him.}
\par\plain {Eddie walked a few steps behind, his rifle still slung across his back, his gaze focused ahead. He knew there were wonders in the Deep Glaive that would have once thrilled him beyond measure. But now, they were just another reminder of the life he had left behind and the magic he no longer cared to understand. }}