{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The last of the students had trickled out, leaving behind the familiar post-club mess\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dried paint smears on the tables, sponges abandoned in water cups, the scent of turpentine mixed with the sharp smell of acrylics. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki stacked the final canvas board onto the storage shelf, her muscles moving on autopilot after years of this routine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  "I swear,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Aiko groaned, \u8220\'93Those three gremlins are\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 trying}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~to become abstract artist themselves," she said, gesturing to the dried splatters of cerulean and crimson on the floor where the chaotic trio had been experimenting}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito was already scrubbing at a stubborn oil pastel mark on the table. "At least Kenzo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s improving," he remarked. "His figure sketches were decent. But the moment he picks up a brush, he didn\u8217\'92t really do good."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki chuckled, tossing a crumpled paper towel at him. "Be nice. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got the eye for proportions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just needs to loosen up." She mimed stiff brushstrokes in the air. "He paints like he\u8217\'92s afraid the paints cost an arm and legs."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Have you seen Naoko\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s painting?" Aiko grinned, propping her chin on her palm. "Her cliffs today looked like they\u8217\'92d survive the apocalypse. But when I asked her to paint a tree next to them it became an Instant lollipop sticks."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Specialization isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a bad thing, Aiko." Haruki said, wiping her hands on her already-stained apron. "Maybe we should encourage her to draw more rocks."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She need to learn to paint something else, what is she? A rock painter?\u8221\'94 Aiko said}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But before they could continue, the door creaked open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki turned, expecting to see a first-year retrieving a forgotten sketchbook. Instead, the silhouette of Mrs. Matsuoka filled the doorway, her face lit by the golden haze of sunset streaming in from the hallway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their arts and craft teacher stood with her usual quiet grace, her cardigan sleeves rolled up to the elbows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 practical, as always. Silver streaked through her otherwise dark hair, and her round glasses caught the light as she smiled. The lines around her eyes deepened with warmth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All three students straightened instinctively. "Good evening, Mrs. Matsuoka!" they chorused, bowing in unison.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Matsuoka chuckled, stepping inside. "No need for formalities," she said, her voice as soothing as the hum of the old radiator in winter. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Fujiyama-san,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mrs. Matsuoka said, turning to Haruki, \u8220\'93Could I speak with you in my office?" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki shot a questioning look at Aiko and Akihito. Aiko waved her off with both hands. "Go, go! We've got this." She dramatically flexed her arms. "These cleaning skills didn't earn me 'Vice President' for nothing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito simply nodded, already reorganizing the pigment tubes by color gradient.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Right...thanks," Haruki murmured, grabbing her bag. As she followed Mrs. Matsuoka out, the door clicked shut behind them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moment the footsteps faded, Aiko spun to Akihito, eyes sparkling with mischief. She pressed her back against the door and whispered, "Do you think she's finally getting expelled?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito didn't look up from his meticulous brush-cleaning. "I'm actually surprised she hasn't been yet."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki perched on the edge of Mrs. Matsuoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desk, her sneakers scuffing absently against the leg of the chair. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The faculty office hummed with the end-of-day exodus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Papers being flipped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The click clacking of the computer keyboards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The distant phone being rung and answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers drummed an uneven rhythm against the wood. Haruki\u8217\'92s feet bouncing up and down as she looked around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A passing geography teacher paused to pat her shoulder. "Working late, Fujiyama-san?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki grinned, though her knee kept bouncing. Matsuda-senpai, the club president before her had mentioned how Mrs. Matsuoka always summoned club presidents for tea, how the lavender blend was supposedly "for calming restless minds" }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The clink of porcelain announced Mrs. Matsuoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s return before she did. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs.Matsuoka nudged the door open with her hip, balancing a tray with two steaming cups, their floral scent cutting through the office\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stale coffee smell. "My apologies for the wait," she said, setting the tray down. A sugar cube tumbled from its dish, and Haruki caught it mid-air\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a reflex honed from years of grabbing falling paintbrushes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Oh, It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s no trouble at all!" Haruki lied, her voice an octave too high. She\u8217\'92d been counting ceiling tiles for seven minutes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Matsuoka smiled knowingly as she settled into the worn armchairs by the window. Golden hour light bled through the blinds, striping the steam rising from their cups. For a long moment, there was only the sound of spoons stirring\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Haruki adding three sugars discreetly, Mrs. Matsuoka just one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Down the row of desks, the chemistry teacher laughed into his phone. "}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Yes, yes\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll pick up milk on the way home\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }{\f0\fs24\b0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki traced the rim of her cup. The tea tasted sweet as she liked it, masking the lavender\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s strong taste. The ceramic was warm beneath her fingertips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Matsuoka set her own cup down with deliberate care. "How is the Art Club these days, Fujiyama-san?" she asked, "No troubles as president?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "None at all," Haruki said, too quickly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, realizing how brittle that sounded, she rushed to fill the silence. "I've kept up Matsuda-senpai's figure drawing sessions every Tuesday, just like she used to.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "And tomorrow\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s plein air session\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we\u8217\'92re going back to that forest near the abandoned cabin. The light through the trees there is just..." She trailed off, sketching shapes in the air with her hands. "You should come! It\u8217\'92s your favorite spot, isn\u8217\'92t it?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Matsuoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile turned apologetic as she stacked the teacups. "Duty calls, I\u8217\'92m afraid. I\u8217\'92m afraid I still have some paperworks to do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders slumped. "But you\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 always}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~say that lately\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "And I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m always right," Mrs. Matsuoka interrupted, though her eyes crinkled with amusement. "Duty is duty, Fujiyama-san."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki huffed, but the protest died on her lips as a new thought struck her. "Oh! And I added something special for next week!" She leaned forward, her earlier gloom forgotten.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I call it 'Limited Palette' challenges. I saw the idea online, where you only use three colors plus white. It's amazing what you can mix with just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her voice caught when she noticed Mrs. Matsuoka's expression. Not disapproval, but something far more dangerous\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 understanding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "You enjoy being Art Club president, don't you, Fujiyama-san?" Mrs. Matsuoka said softly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki's fingers froze around the teacup. A drop of lavender tea trembled on the rim before falling onto the saucer with a quiet\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 plink}{\f0\fs24\b0 . The office suddenly felt too warm, the steam from their cups curling like hesitant ghosts between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I..." Haruki's throat tightened. Outside, the school's brass band was practicing a distant, mournful tune - the notes slipping through the half-open window like intruders. She watched the way Mrs. Matsuoka's hands cradled her own cup - fingers stained with years of paint and chalk, just like Matsuda's used to be. "Yes," she finally admitted, the word escaping like a held breath. "I do."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Matsuoka's eyes crinkled behind her glasses. "I've always admired that about you, Fujiyama-san." She took a slow sip before continuing. "You remind me so much of Matsuda-san in your best moments. The way you light up during demonstrations, how you remember every member's strengths..." Her voice softened. "You've finally taken up the baton she passed to you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki's chest ached. The compliment should have warmed her, but it settled like cold water in her stomach. "Matsuda-senpai was... she was the greatest president we ever had." Her voice threatened to crack. "I'm not-"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Funny." Mrs. Matsuoka interrupted gently. "That's not what the club members tell me." She reached into her desk drawer and produced a stack of colorful papers - the annual club feedback forms Haruki had forgotten they'd submitted last week. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Naoko wrote that your limited palette workshop 'made colors feel like magic.'\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mrs. Matsuoka read one, \u8220\'93Kenzo said your figure drawing tips helped him finally 'see people the right way.'" She tapped the top paper with one finger. "And Aiko, bless her, wrote an entire essay about how you 'make art club feel like coming home.'"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The distant band music swelled as Haruki stared at the papers. Somewhere in the hallway, a locker slammed shut. The afternoon light had shifted without her noticing - now it fell across Mrs. Matsuoka's desk in thick golden stripes, illuminating years of paint stains and coffee rings that Matsuda must have known just as well.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 "Which makes me wonder..." Mrs. Matsuoka said, removing her black, metal-framed glasses with deliberate slowness. The lenses caught the light as she set them down, leaving her eyes unexpectedly bare and perceptive. "Why are you postponing your career plan papers?"}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki's heart drops.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Of course.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The praise had been a tactical maneuver, the compliment-laden equivalent of softening up clay before molding it. She should've seen this coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I, umm... hehe." The laugh escaped her like a deflating balloon, high-pitched and painfully transparent. "You know how busy the Art Club keeps me, Mrs. Matsuoka! Between planning activities and mentoring first-years and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Fujiyama-san." Mrs. Matsuoka's voice remained gentle, but the steel beneath it stopped Haruki mid-ramble. "I gave you that paper three weeks ago."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The silence that followed was the heavy, sticky kind\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the sort that made Haruki acutely aware of the second hand ticking on the wall clock, of the way her own pulse thudded in her ears. Outside, the brass band hit a discordant note, then fell silent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Matsuoka exhaled through her nose, the sound of someone choosing patience. "If you're having difficulties," she said, tracing a finger along a particularly stubborn paint stain on her desk, "you can always talk to me about it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki's fingers found the hem of her skirt, twisting the fabric. "I, umm..." The words came out in a staccato burst. "I wanted to go to nursery school. Mom said it's... a more stable career."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The admission hung between them, limp and unconvincing. Even the words tasted wrong\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like biting into fruit only to find it flavorless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Matsuoka raised one eyebrow, the effect magnified without her glasses to soften her expression. "Then," she said, leaning forward slightly, "why didn't you write that on the paper?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki's gaze dropped to her lap, where her hands had gone suspiciously still. The afternoon light painted the back of her hands gold, highlighting every fleck of dried paint, every callus earned from hours gripping brushes. For a wild moment, she imagined the colors beneath her skin\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the cadmium red of embarrassment, the Prussian blue of longing, all swirling together in some impossible shade of indecision.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I..." Her voice cracked. "I'm not sure."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The confession hung in the air between them, fragile as the steam still curling from their forgotten teacups. Mrs. Matsuoka's expression softened\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not with pity, but with quiet understanding. She set down her pen with deliberate care, the click of it against the desk somehow final.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "So," she said, tilting her head just slightly, "you want to go to nursery school? Or is that your mother's wish?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki's fingers twitched against her skirt. The question was gentle, but it pierced straight through her defenses like a brushstroke cutting through wet paint. Outside, the brass band had moved on to a livelier tune, the jaunty melody at odds with the heaviness in her chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Fujiyama-san," Mrs. Matsuoka continued when Haruki stayed silent, "I've known you since your second year." A faint smile played at her lips. "And you don't exactly have the makings of a nurse."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki blinked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Matsuoka counted off on her paint-stained fingers: "You trip over your own feet at least twice a week. You're late to morning meetings more often than not. And just last month, you forgot your own club budget forms in the cafeteria\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 twice." She chuckled, the sound warm. "I pity your future patients if you pursue that path."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A startled laugh burst from Haruki's lips\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 half relief, half embarrassment. But before she could retort, Mrs. Matsuoka's expression sobered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "However," she said, leaning forward, "You do have all the marks of an artist."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki's breath caught.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Matsuoka's gaze was unwavering. "The way the club members light up when you explain a new technique. Those 'limited palette' challenges you devised\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 unconventional, but brilliant. And," she added pointedly, "you're the only president who's ever memorized every member's strengths and weaknesses by heart."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A warmth bloomed in Haruki's chest, tentative but undeniable. It was one thing to know these things about herself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 another entirely to hear them spoken aloud with such conviction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She ducked her head, suddenly fascinated by a fleck of dried blue paint on her wrist. "Well, I... probably will consider nursery school," she mumbled. "Mom says it has decent pay."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The words tasted like a compromise, bitter on her tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Matsuoka studied her for a long moment before sighing. "I see," she said simply. She slid the Career Plan paper back across the desk, the movement smooth and practiced. "Talk to your mother about it," she advised, her voice firm but kind. "These decisions require proper discussion between parent and child." She smiled then, though it didn't quite reach her eyes. "We're done for today. You may go."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stood automatically, her chair scraping against the floor. The sound was too loud in the now-silent office\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 most of the other teachers had left for the day. She bowed slightly, the motion stiff with unspoken words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her fingers had just brushed the cool metal of the door handle when\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Haruki."}
\par\plain {\f2\fs20\b0\i0 "Y-yes?" Haruki squaked. }{\f0\fs24\b0 The sound of her given name\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so rarely used by teachers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sent an electric jolt down her spine. She whirls around so fast her bag strap tangled around her elbow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Matsuoka stood framed by the window, the dying sun setting her silver-streaked hair aflame as she gathered their teacups. The light rendered her features indistinct, transforming her into something between a woman and a silhouette cut from golden paper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Take it from me," she said, her voice carrying the weight of decades as she wiped a cup with methodical strokes, "As a woman in her sixties. I assume your parents are of similar age." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The ceramic clinked softly against the tray. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Decades from now,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Mrs. Matsuoka continued, \u8220\'93I'll be lying beneath the ground while you'll struggle to live. Whether that life is happy or merely stable..." She looked up, her glasses catching fire from the sunset. "That choice is yours to be made."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki's mouth went dry. The air between them seemed to vibrate with the unspoken truth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that this wasn't just career advice, but an heirloom passed between generations of artists.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "That's..." Haruki swallowed. "Grim."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Matsuoka's chuckle was as dry as autumn leaves. "So is reality, my dear." She set down the cleaned cup with finality. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "So choose wisely." Mrs. Matsuoka added. The dismissal in her tone was softened, "Go on now. Don't go home too late."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For a heartbeat, Haruki hesitated.\~As she turned to leave, the late afternoon sun streamed through the windows, casting long shadows across the floor. For a fleeting moment, Haruki imagined she saw the ghostly outline of Matsuda's braid in the slanting light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then the door clicked shut behind her, and the illusion vanished.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}