{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie, Will, Ashley and the other are now exposed to the world of Dark Alchemy, it is no different to normal Alchemy, but it is used to dismember creatures and cobbling up different creatures, making a Chimaera. There are others too, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Human Chimaera\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Someone who is forced to fuze with a beast. In hope of making a super-soldier.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Artefact is stolen, the one Catherine tried to get in ACT 1, and Eddie. Knowing the value of the Artefact, tries to get it back. Knowing nothing will be done by the detective & police. So Eddie, Will and Ashley took the matter to their own hands, and ventures to the city of King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Grave. Where their headquarters is.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie recognises the importance of the Artefact for Alchemical research, and don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want it to get destroyed, or worse. Used for evil.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 1. Gathering the Team}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 2. Executing the Plan}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 3. High Tower Surprises}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 4. Digging deep down}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 5. Execution of New Plan}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 6. Ressurrection}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 7. Return with an Elixir}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab 8. Master of Both Worlds}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie returns to Weshaven, now wearing the crimson cloak of Edenfield University}}