{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The only sounds in the cavernous library of Edenfield University were the scratching of quills and the whisper-soft turning of pages. A single orb of captured moonlight hovered over their table, casting long, dancing shadows that made the towering bookshelves look like sleeping giants. It was well past the midnight curfew, a fact that hummed under Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s skin with a low-grade anxiety.}
\par\plain {They called themselves the Midnight Study Group, a name Ashley had coined with a dramatic flair. Tonight, the core of the group\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the first-years\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 were huddled together over a mess of notes and diagrams for their Magical Basics final.}
\par\plain {"If you overcharge the mana conduit, the entire matrix will destabilize," Will murmured, his brow furrowed in concentration as he traced a glowing blue line on the project diagram with his finger. "Professor Grimsby said the failure cascade is\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 'un-subtle.'"}
\par\plain {"\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Un-subtle\u8217\'92 is code for \u8216\'91it\u8217\'92ll blow a hole in the lab and we\u8217\'92ll get detention for a month\u8217\'92," Ashley Mayfair countered, leaning back in her chair so far it groaned in protest. She twirled a lock of her vibrant hair. "I say we push it. What's the point of magic if you don't find the breaking point?"}
\par\plain {Will shot her a look. "Because we'd like to }{\f0\fs24\i1 pass}{, Ashley. By-the-book. No explosions."}
\par\plain {Eddie remained quiet, his own ambition warring with his innate passivity. He wanted the A, the pride that came with excelling, but the idea of drawing that much attention\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 good or bad\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 made his stomach clench. He was an Alchemist. His discipline was the study of change, of transformation. It was a cosmic joke that he, Edward Welton, who feared change more than anything, had chosen it. He saw it as a path to creation, a way to build something he could be proud of. He just preferred to ignore the chaotic, deconstructive side of the equation.}
\par\plain {He scanned their shared notes, a growing sense of dread pooling in his gut. The key transmutation formulas, the ones he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d painstakingly cross-referenced\u8230\'85 they weren\u8217\'92t there.}
\par\plain {"Ah, hell," he muttered, the words sharp in the quiet.}
\par\plain {Will and Ashley looked at him. "What's up?" Will asked.}
\par\plain {"My primary notes. The good ones. I left them in our dorm." Eddie's shoulders slumped. "We can't finish the core calculations without them."}
\par\plain {Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face tightened. "The dorm? Eddie, it's almost 2 a.m. The Regiments are out in force tonight. They\u8217\'92re not just sending people back to their rooms anymore. I heard they put two second-years on probation for being out by the greenhouses."}
\par\plain {"So? We're not going to let a few glorified hall monitors stop us from getting a good grade, are we?" Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes glinted with challenge. She looked at Eddie. "You need to go get them. I'll help."}
\par\plain {This was it. A scenario to be avoided. A disruption. His first instinct was to say no, to suggest they pack it in and try again tomorrow. But the thought of slinking away in failure, of not having that thing he could be proud of, stung. This was his contribution to the project.}
\par\plain {"Okay," Eddie heard himself say, his voice firmer than he expected. "Okay, I'll go."}
\par\plain {Ashley grinned. "That's the spirit." She moved her hands in a series of fluid, complex gestures, her painted nails leaving faint trails of violet light in the air. She whispered a phrase that sounded like running water and held her palms out to him. A shimmering, liquid-like veil of energy coalesced between them. "Basic Witchcraft. A mirror veil. It won't make you invisible, but it'll distort the light around you. To a passing glance, you'll look like a ripple in the air, a trick of the moonlight. Just don't let a patrol get too close."}
\par\plain {Eddie took the veil, which felt like cool, weightless silk, and draped it over himself. The world hazed over, the edges of the bookshelves blurring as if seen through a rain-streaked window.}
\par\plain {"Be careful, Eddie," Will said, his earnest worry cutting through Ashley's bravado.}
\par\plain {Eddie just nodded, his heart hammering against his ribs, and slipped out of the library's massive oak doors into the cold, silent campus.}
\par\plain {The grounds of Edenfield were beautiful and menacing by night. The gothic spires of the lecture halls clawed at the star-dusted sky. Every shadow seemed to hold a threat. Eddie moved quickly, his feet silent on the flagstones, keeping to the lines of manicured hedges. He could hear the rhythmic thud of boots and a sharp laugh echo from a distant quad\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a Student Regiment patrol. He ducked behind a statue of the university's founder, his breath held tight in his chest as three uniformed students marched past, their faces grim and self-important. This was stupid. This was reckless. This was a change from his normal, safe routine.}
\par\plain {He was cutting across the smaller courtyard near the Alchemy faculty when he saw him. A figure slumped on a bench.}
\par\plain {Eddie froze. It was another student, his head lolling to the side. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Did he just fall asleep out here? In this cold?}{ It was bizarre. The patrols were so strict, how could they have missed him? Eddie felt a prickle of annoyance. He was risking his own neck, and this guy was just napping in the open.}
\par\plain {He took a hesitant step closer, the mirror veil clinging to him. "Hey," he whispered, but the sound died in his throat.}
\par\plain {The student wasn't sleeping. He slid from the bench with a soft, boneless thump, landing on the grass below. And he was being dragged.}
\par\plain {Eddie's blood ran cold. He squinted, trying to make sense of the scene. A figure was standing over the fallen student, a figure that hadn't been there a second ago. It was tall and unnaturally thin, clad in a perfectly tailored, dark woolen suit. But that's where the normality ended. A long, scaled tail, thick as a python, was wrapped around the student's ankle, dragging him slowly but inexorably into the deeper shadows of a large oak tree. The creature's back was a ridge of sharp, crystalline spikes that jutted through the fine fabric of its jacket.}
\par\plain {Panic, stark and absolute, seized Eddie. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Run. Hide. Forget you saw this.}{ This was the "Something" from the rumors. This was why there was a curfew. This was a monster in a suit, and it was stealing a student right in front of him. The passive part of him, the part that craved safety and abhorred change, screamed at him to dissolve back into the night. No one would know. He could go back to the library, tell Will he lost his nerve. He could go on living his life, unchanged.}
\par\plain {But then, the creature shifted, and the faint moonlight caught the unconscious student's face. Eddie didn't know his name, but he'd seen him around. A quiet kid from the Automatons major. He looked so young, so helpless.}
\par\plain {And a new thought rose up, drowning out the fear with a white-hot burn: }{\f0\fs24\i1 If I walk away, what will I be? Who can be proud of a coward?}
\par\plain {The lie he had lived by\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that he could get through life without change\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 crumbled into dust. To do nothing was a choice, a change into something he would despise.}
\par\plain {His hand, shaking but resolute, reached into his satchel. His fingers closed around the cool, metallic surface of his collapsible alchemist's staff. With a flick of his wrist, it telescoped out to its full length with a series of soft clicks. The sound was deafening in the silence.}
\par\plain {The creature in the suit froze. Its head swiveled towards the sound, towards the ripple in the air where Eddie stood. It had no face, only a smooth, pale expanse of skin, but Eddie felt its attention lock onto him like a physical blow.}
\par\plain {He had to do something. He had to }{\f0\fs24\i1 change}{ what was happening.}
\par\plain {Dropping the mirror veil, Eddie stepped out of the shadows, revealing himself. He planted his feet, gripping the staff, his knuckles white. He wasn't a warrior. He wasn't a hero. He was a first-year Alchemist. But right now, under the moon on the silent grounds of Edenfield, he was the only thing standing between that student and the encroaching darkness. And for the first time, he felt a flicker of something he could almost call pride.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {[Battle Start]}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {[Battle End] }
\par\plain {The roar of the flames and the creature's unearthly shriek faded into the oppressive quiet of the night, leaving only the crackle of the lingering fire and the sound of Eddie's own ragged breaths. He leaned against the rough brick wall of the Alchemy faculty, his chest heaving, every muscle trembling with leftover adrenaline.}
\par\plain {It was over. The creature was gone.}
\par\plain {A grin, wide and uncontrollable, stretched across his face. It was a manic, breathless expression that was half relief and half pure, unadulterated triumph. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d done it. He, Eddie Welton\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the passive, change-averse Alchemist\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had faced down a literal monster and won. He hadn't just run; he'd used his knowledge, transmuting the ventilation pipe's grating to buckle and then using the stray sparks from his staff striking the pavement to ignite the sudden gust of air. It was desperate, clumsy, and probably wrecked a university utility line, but it had }{\f0\fs24\i1 worked}{.}
\par\plain {Across the courtyard, he saw movement. The student, the one from the Automatons major, was stirring. He pushed himself up on his elbows, looking around in a daze. In the distance, the rhythmic march of the Student Regiment patrol grew louder, their lantern lights cutting through the darkness. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d spotted the commotion. Eddie watched as one of the uniformed patrollers knelt by the student, who was now pointing with a shaking finger towards the direction the creature had fled. He was safe. They were handling it.}
\par\plain {Eddie felt a surge of satisfaction so potent it almost made him dizzy. This feeling\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 this was it. This was something he could be proud of.}
\par\plain {He pushed himself off the wall, the triumphant smile still plastered on his face. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Right,}{ he thought, his mind clearing slightly. }{\f0\fs24\i1 The notes. Will and Ashley are still waiting.}{ He needed to get to his dorm and get back to the library before the entire campus was on lockdown.}
\par\plain {He took a step, and a sharp, lancing pain shot up from his calf. He hissed, his triumphant grin vanishing as he stumbled, catching himself against the wall again. He looked down. His leg was limp, refusing to properly take his weight. Confused, he ran a hand down his calf, his fingers brushing against something thin, sharp, and deeply embedded in the muscle through his torn trousers.}
\par\plain {It was one of the creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spikes. A thin, crystalline shard, almost like black glass, no longer than his thumb. It must have broken off and pierced his leg when he\u8217\'92d scrambled away from one of its lunges. He hadn\u8217\'92t even felt it in the heat of the moment.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great,\u8221\'94 he muttered, his earlier victory already feeling distant. He braced himself against the wall and tried to pull the shard out. His fingers were slick with blood, and the spike was lodged deeper than he thought. It wouldn't budge. A wave of frustration washed over him. He gave it another, harder tug.}
\par\plain {That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when it happened.}
\par\plain {A wave of exhaustion, thick and syrupy, washed over him. It wasn't the normal tiredness from a fight; this was a heavy, unnatural blanket descending on his mind. His eyelids suddenly weighed a ton. The sharp edges of the university spires began to blur, their dark shapes swimming in his vision. The distant shouts of the patrol sounded distorted, as if coming from underwater.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 What\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s happening?}
\par\plain {He tried to focus, to shake the feeling off, but it was like trying to swim against a current. The world tilted violently. The ground seemed to rush up to meet him. He felt the cold, unforgiving stone of the courtyard path against his cheek.}
\par\plain {His thoughts turned to mud. }{\f0\fs24\i1 The spike\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s not just a spike\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {It was a quill. A stinger. An injection.}
\par\plain {His last conscious thought was not of his victory, nor of his notes, but of the profound irony of it all. He, the Alchemist who had finally embraced a chaotic change, was now being unwillingly transformed by the very thing he fought.}
\par\plain {The world dissolved into a silent, dreamless black. Unseen by the patrols now busy with the other student, Eddie Welton lay unconscious on the university grounds, the dark, crystalline shard still embedded in his leg, pulsing with a faint, malevolent energy.}
\par\plain }