{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 1. They are studying at the library late at night, past the curfiew hours. They are officially known among themselves as the Midnight Study Group. Which at the moment consists of Eddie, Will, Ashley, Madeleine (2nd year), Claire (2nd year), and Henry (4th year) who tags along since he have to spend extra hours getting books for his thesis citations.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 2. Eddie, Ashley and Will is huddled together, since they are in 1st years, they still have a class where all the majors are joined, this time they are in a group project for their finals for their Magical Basics course.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 As they need to do something, Eddie then forgot his note back at the dorm, and so he excused himself to go back and get it. What he did is dangerous since it is still Curfiew hours. And so Eddie asked Ashley who is in Witchcraft to conjure him a mirror veil, a basic spell that create a veil that mirror things like water}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 3. Eddie snuck out of the library into the university grounds, navigating through the campus grounds, evading Student Council members, and Student Regiment patrols (Note that the Student Council is the representative of the Edenfield Students, whilst the Student Regiment is an enforcer created through Student Council, the Student Regiment is born from a historical moment where students of Edenfield helps fight a war as a regiment, and so it is honored by creating the Student Regiment, although its uses has been warped lately by the Student Council.)\line \line As he snuck around, he found someone falling asleep on one of the benches, which is weird. It is past curfiew, it is night, why isn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t anybody waking him up, did he just fall asleep?\line \line As Eddie walks closer, he then sees that the lone student is slowly getting dragged, he fell on the grounds\line \line Now Eddie panics, what the hell just happened? He reaches through his collapsible staff\line \line As he got closer, he could see it. It\u8217\'92s a hidious creature, the creature is wearing a suit, but it has a long tail that is dragging the student, the backs is full of spikes\line \line Eddie have to do something}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 4.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 5.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 6.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 7.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 8.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0}