{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The forest felt different now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hostile and foreboding. The air grew colder, and a sense of dread seeped into Eddie's bones. He held his rifle tightly, his senses alert for any sign of danger. Every crack of a branch or rustle of leaves seemed amplified in the oppressive silence.}
\par\plain {Eddie's heart pounded as he plunged into the darkness beyond the Traveller's Path. The surrounding forest was dense and oppressive, its shadows closing in like a suffocating shroud. The warm glow of the Lumina flowers faded behind him, leaving only the cold, eerie light of the moon to guide his way.}
\par\plain {His rifle rested on his shoulder, but the weapon felt heavy and awkward in his hands. Every snap of a twig or rustle of leaves heightened Eddie's senses, setting his nerves on edge. The forest was alive with whispers and shuffles, and the undergrowth cracked with unseen creatures. Eddie moved through the dense foliage. He noticed eyes watching him from the dark. They glowed with an unsettling array of colours\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 fiery reds, cool blues, and ghostly greens. Creatures of all shapes and sizes peered out from behind trees and rocks. Their eyes tracked his every movement. Some were curious, their heads tilted as they observed him with interest. Others were more wary, their gazes sharp and assessing. The forest was like a living entity, a myriad of eyes in the dark scrutinising the intruder.}
\par\plain {Eddie's breath came in shallow, controlled bursts. He could feel the weight of the forest's gaze upon him. The very trees and creatures were trying to decipher his purpose. Was he a hunter? A threat? The forest seemed to sense the intent behind his presence, but Eddie's focus was not on aggression. His posture, though tense, did not convey a desire to harm but a determination to protect.}
\par\plain {He had always read about the Deep Glaive's unpredictability, but experiencing it firsthand was an entirely different challenge. The silence between the rustling leaves and occasional growls was deafening, broken only by the distant roar of the Nightingale Fox, which drove Eddie forward.}
\par\plain {The forest itself felt alive, its magic palpable in the air. The shadows appeared to writhe and shift. Trees seemed as if they were watching him, their ancient limbs stretching out to obscure his path. The atmosphere grew colder, and a shiver ran down Eddie's spine. Every step he took was carefully measured, his rifle held ready but lowered\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he had no desire to provoke, only to find and rescue Catherine. He navigated through the underbrush. Eddie's sharp eyes caught glimpses of strange flora and fauna. Vividly coloured mushrooms glowed faintly in the dark, and vines pulsed with a bioluminescent rhythm. The creatures that stared at him seemed to blend into the background, their forms almost camouflaged by the magical light and shadows.}
\par\plain {Eddie could feel the weight of the forest's magic pressing in on him. Its power was both awe-inspiring and menacing. His path was a tangled mess of roots and branches. Each step was fraught with the risk of stumbling into hidden traps or dangerous plants. The deeper he went, the more intense the feeling of being watched became\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as though the very forest itself were holding its breath, waiting to see what he would do next.}
\par\plain {The distant roar of the Nightingale Fox grew louder and more urgent. Eddie quickened his pace, his breath coming in short, measured bursts. He moved with the careful precision of someone who knew the stakes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 every noise, every movement, was calculated to avoid drawing unwanted attention.}
\par\plain {Eddie emerged from the forest's edge, his breath ragged from the exertion of the chase. He stepped into the ruins of Groville. Wide town square stretched out before him in eerie silence. Broken stone streets and collapsed buildings stood as silent witnesses to the passage of time. He hesitated for only a moment. His instincts took over as his sharp eyes scanned the desolate expanse.}
\par\plain {Then the growl echoed again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a low, rumbling sound that shook the ground beneath his feet. Eddie's muscles tensed, and before he could even think, he was running. His footsteps echoed through the empty square. The wide open space now felt like a trap, an open battlefield. The rumble of shifting stone and the grinding noise of something heavy moving through the rubble reached his ears. Catherine. His heart hammered in his chest as he sprinted. The chaotic sound of her transmutation magic filled the air\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the sounds of stone being reshaped into something new, something to defend herself.}
\par\plain {The growls of the Nightingale Fox were closer now, rising in intensity. The hairs on Eddie's neck stood on end, and he pushed himself harder, desperation fuelling his every stride. He couldn't let her face this alone. The tension in the ruins was palpable, the creatures' eyes fading back into the darkness as if to let Eddie pass. The ruins were a living maze of shadows and uncertainty, its magic swirling around him like a storm. Every step forward brought Eddie closer to the heart of the danger, and the realisation that he was the only one who could save Catherine intensified his resolve. }}