{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Ingram stood firm at the fortress exit, surrounded by a motley assortment of cultists and beasts of every shape and size. Despite the overwhelming odds against her, she remained resolute, her mace held firmly in hand as she awaited the arrival of her adversary.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After what felt like an eternity, a towering figure emerged from the shadows, the sound of iron boots echoing ominously against the stone floor. Lord Raven, his imposing presence commanding the attention of all those present, approached with calculated purpose.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Should've left me alone in my retirement, Raven," Madam Ingram's voice cut through the tense silence, her words carrying the weight of years of experience and determination.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lord Raven's masked visage betrayed no emotion as he responded, his voice muffled yet filled with icy resolve. "Ah, but then you should have left our business alone, Torianna Ingram of the Royal Paladins." he cackled, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your time is past, your glory faded.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Ingram tightened her grip on her mace, her gaze unwavering. "The Black Hand should have been disbanded decades ago by the order of Queen Isobel III," she declared, her voice tinged with righteous anger.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lord Raven's lip curled into a disdainful sneer. "Queen Isobel is no more," he retorted. "She can't stand in our way now."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The surrounding cultists chuckled darkly at his words, their loyalty to their master unshakeable.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Ingram's eyes narrowed as she raised her mace, pointing it squarely at Lord Raven. "So it was your doing," she accused, her voice laced with contempt. "You killed the Queen."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was no verbal confirmation, but the steely gaze and satisfaction in Lord Raven's eyes spoke volumes, confirming her suspicions.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Then farewell," Madam Ingram declared, her mace glowing with an ethereal white light. "I shall avenge her."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With a resolute determination, Madam Ingram charged forward, her mace swinging with righteous fury. Lord Raven met her attack head-on, the clash of their weapons echoing through the fortress as they engaged in a battle that would determine the fate of not just themselves, but the entire kingdom.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The clash of steel echoed through the fortress as Madam Ingram and Lord Raven engaged in a battle of epic proportions. Each blow reverberated with the force of their conflicting ideologies, the clash of light against darkness.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Ingram's mace swung with precision and power, fueled by a righteous fury that burned deep within her soul. She fought not only for herself but for the memory of Queen Isobel III, a monarch she had sworn to protect and serve. With each strike, she sought to avenge the fallen queen and bring justice to her memory.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lord Raven, however, proved to be a formidable adversary. His mastery of dark magic was unparalleled, his staff crackling with malevolent energy as he countered Madam Ingram's every move. He taunted her with cruel words and mocking laughter, seeking to undermine her resolve and weaken her spirit.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But Madam Ingram refused to falter. Her eyes blazed with determination, her heart filled with a fierce resolve. With each insult hurled her way, her anger only grew, fueling her determination to emerge victorious.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The battle raged on, the two adversaries locked in a deadly dance of blades and spells. The cultists watched in awe and fear, their loyalty torn between their master and the formidable warrior who dared to challenge him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As the intensity of the battle reached its peak, Madam Ingram's blows grew more ferocious, fueled by a primal rage that consumed her. She fought not only for vengeance but for the future of the kingdom, for the ideals of justice and righteousness that she held dear.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And then, in a final, decisive strike, Madam Ingram's mace collided with Lord Raven's staff with a resounding clang. A shockwave rippled through the air, sending sparks flying in all directions.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 For a moment, there was silence. The fortress seemed to hold its breath as the outcome of the battle hung in the balance.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lord Raven fell to his knees, defeated by Madam Ingram's unwavering resolve. Gasping for breath, he admitted to his crimes, confessing to the murder of Queen Isobel III.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Ingram's eyes blazed with righteous anger as she demanded the truth. But before Lord Raven could respond, his laughter filled the air, echoing off the crumbling walls of the fortress.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With a wicked grin, Lord Raven raised his hands, and the very roof of the fortress began to collapse around them. Stones and pillars tumbled from above, threatening to bury them both beneath tons of rubble.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Madam Ingram knew she had to act fast. With a swift motion, she transformed into a three-headed wolf, her powerful form allowing her to evade the falling debris with ease. As the fortress crumbled behind her, she raced towards the light, determined to escape the chaos and destruction in her wake.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The cultists watched in horror as their fortress collapsed, their master defeated and their plans in ruins. But for Madam Ingram, the battle was far from over. With the truth about Queen Isobel III's death finally revealed, she knew that her quest for justice was only just beginning. And as she emerged into the light, her resolve burned brighter than ever before, guiding her towards a future where darkness would be vanquished, and the memory of her beloved queen would be honored and avenged.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As the dust settled and the echoes of the crumbling fortress faded into the darkness of the Undercity, the figure of the three-headed wolf stood atop the roof, a silent sentinel overlooking the chaos below. Madam Ingram, now transformed into her formidable lupine form, sensed that this battle was far from over. The Raven may have been temporarily defeated, but she knew all too well that he was not one to be vanquished so easily. Their paths would cross again, of that she was certain.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With a heavy heart and a determined spirit, Madam Ingram turned away from the crumbling fortress and the lingering shadows of her past. She knew that her duty lay elsewhere now, among the brave souls who had fought alongside her and the innocent captives they had rescued from the clutches of the Black Hand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With a powerful leap, the three-headed wolf bounded across the rooftops of the Undercity, her keen senses guiding her back towards her companions. As she rejoined them, she found solace in their steadfast determination and unwavering support.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Together, they would face whatever challenges lay ahead, knowing that the bonds forged in battle were stronger than any darkness they might encounter. And as they set off into the depths of the Undercity, Madam Ingram felt a renewed sense of purpose burning within her. The Raven may lurk in the shadows, but they would be ready for him when he dared to show his face again.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As the truck rumbled along the uneven paths of the Undercity, a sense of relief washed over the group, mingling with the lingering adrenaline of their daring escape. Eddie, Will, Ashley, Henry, Geralt, Christine, Jake, Jane, and Dominic sat together, their faces illuminated by the soft glow of the truck's interior lights.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley and Dominic, representing the rescued captives, expressed their gratitude to the group, their voices filled with genuine appreciation. They knew they owed their lives to their brave rescuers.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie and Christine, who had often found themselves at odds with each other, shared a rare moment of agreement. They nodded in unison, acknowledging the bond that had formed between them during their harrowing ordeal.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, Will couldn't seem to take his eyes off Ashley, his playful demeanor masking a deeper admiration. With a mischievous grin, he broke the tension with a lighthearted comment.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Hey, Ashley," Will began, his voice teasing, "Nice dress."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley's cheeks flushed with embarrassment as she glanced down at her unfamiliar attire, a stark contrast to her usual practical clothing. With a playful jab to Will's shoulder, she retorted, "Shut up, William!" \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94Hey, i guess being a sacrifice come with an unexpected wardrobe changes, huh?\u8221\'94 Added Eddie \u8221\'94Not you too, Ed! Ugh!\u8221\'94 Protested Ashley}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Laughter filled the air as the group relaxed, the tension of their escape fading into the background. Will, ever the entertainer, began to sing, his voice weaving melodies that lifted their spirits and filled the truck with warmth and camaraderie.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 In that moment, surrounded by friends old and new, they found solace in each other's company. Despite the dangers that still lurked in the shadows of the Undercity, they knew they would face whatever challenges lay ahead together, their bonds stronger than ever before. And as the night stretched on, they continued their journey, united in their shared triumph and the promise of brighter days to come. }}