{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie knelt beside Catherine, his fingers trembling as he shook her shoulders again. No response. She remained limp, her breathing shallow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His stomach twisted. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Damn it. She isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t waking up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 A shadow loomed over him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath stopped as he looked up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Nightingale Dragon made its way through the smoke, its monstrous form wreathed in fire. Its obsidian-black scales glistened like molten glass, reflecting the flickering embers that floated through the air. And then, through the shifting haze, Eddie saw them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Five glowing red eyes. His pulse pounded in his ears. He had shot one of those eyes. Destroyed it. But now\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ruined eye twitched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A sickening squelch could be heard in the middle of the hearth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The shattered socket bulged, raw flesh writhing like something alive. The jagged ball of lead he had fired into it slid loose, falling to the ground with a hollow clink, discarded like a worthless pebble. Echoing through the ruins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before his very eyes, a new eye pushed its way into place\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 larger, grotesque, its veins pulsing with a deep, hellish red glow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught..}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 This thing\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 it regenerates.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A cold, primal fear sank its claws into his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His gaze darted to his surroundings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his rifle lay in splinters, shattered beyond repair. Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s staff was broken, its elegant wood snapped in two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His fingers curled into fists.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His thumb brushed over the smooth surface of his jade ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His heart slowed as he realised one thing\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  He was never unarmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie closed his eyes. Took a breath.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I was an Alchemist}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , he thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, he stood\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 The dragon\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 No\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He straightened his back, shoulders squaring.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I am an Alchemist\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 I always was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His jade ring began to glow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From his outstretched hand, a luminous transmutation circle flared to life. Radiant, intricate, lines of emerald light spiraling outward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon growled\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a deep, guttural sound like stone grinding against stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie met its gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His hands clenched around the metal and powder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped forward.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Nightingale Dragon loomed, its jagged silhouette framed by the flickering glow of distant fires. Its five glowing eyes followed Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s every movement, but it did not strike. It was waiting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stepped forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon did not move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He took another step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His walk quickened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s massive chest expanded, its ribcage stretching outward, a deep, hollow rumble growing from within.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frost began to creep across its obsidian-black scales, and the air turned bitterly cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inhaling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jog turned into a sprint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat glowed pale blue, veins of freezing energy pulsing beneath its skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie gritted his teeth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon reared its head back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie charged forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon roared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A howling burst of frost exploded from the creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s maw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A blizzard of pure ice erupted into the ruins, freezing the stone in an instant. The ground cracked and shattered under the pressure of sudden frost, jagged spires of ice erupting from every surface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie hit the ground hard, his shoulder slamming into the frozen earth as he rolled behind a crumbling archway. Ice crackled and groaned around him, jagged spires erupting where he had stood only moments before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His breath came in ragged gasps, each inhale sharp and burning in the freezing air. The courtyard\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 once a shattered ruin of ancient stone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had transformed into a glacial tomb. The dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath had turned the ruins into a maze of glittering ice, cold and unyielding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart pounded against his ribs, his pulse drumming in his ears. He turned, searching for an opening, a weakness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 anything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but every exit had been sealed beneath thick walls of ice. The stone pathways leading out were gone, buried beneath translucent barricades that caught the moonlight like stained glass.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His fingers curled into fists. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 No, no, no\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be stuck here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie pressed himself against the frozen wall, his breath misting in front of him. Think. He had to think. Alchemy. Transmutation. Anything. But his fingers were stiff, the cold digging into his bones, numbing him from the inside out. He could feel frost clinging to his skin, biting deep through his clothes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was running out of time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon let out a low, guttural growl, the vibrations rattling through the ice. Its five glowing eyes narrowed, its breath misting in the frigid air. It knew he was trapped. It was toying with him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A tight knot of panic curled in Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach. He couldn\u8217\'92t die here. Not in this place. Not like this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Move. Find a way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His eyes darted across the courtyard, searching. He had one chance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just one. If he could manipulate the ice, destabilize it, break through\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon inhaled again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air around Eddie dropped to a deathly chill.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had to act. Now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His hands moved frantically over his jacket, his satchels\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there had to be something. Something he could use. The ice was useless to him, too frozen to manipulate without the right reagents.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His fingers brushed against the rough fabric of a pouch strapped to his belt. Bingo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gunpowder. Lead balls. Ignition powder. Metal. Fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fireballs.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A flicker of hope cut through the crushing fear. His mind raced, pulling together the pieces. The transmutation circle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how it needed to be structured, the conversion of energy, the propulsion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yes. He could make this work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But first\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an opening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie exhaled slowly, forcing his breathing under control. He kept his body low, his movements precise. Every crunch of ice beneath his boots was a risk. He had to keep moving, stay out of the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s direct line of sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Above him, the Nightingale Dragon shifted. Its long neck curved slightly, its five glowing eyes scanning the frozen courtyard. It was searching for him. Hunting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie pressed himself against the jagged wall of ice, fingers tightening around the pouch at his belt. He had one shot at this. If the dragon saw him before he was ready\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His pulse hammered as he inched forward, step by careful step, avoiding the shimmering patches where the ice was thin and fragile. One wrong move, and the crunch of breaking frost would give him away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He clenched his jaw. He could do this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just a little closer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just a little more\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath subsided, leaving behind a ruin of jagged ice and frost. The air shimmered with the aftershock of unnatural cold. Crystals of frozen mist settled onto the ruined stone, turning the battlefield into a frozen wasteland.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Nightingale Dragon lowered its head, its long neck curving as its five eyes gleamed in the dim light. It sniffed, the deep sound reverberating through the silent ruins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It had trapped its prey. There was no escape\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 There should be no escape.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Its claws scraped against the ice as it leaned in, peering into the crystalline prison it had forged. The fractured ice reflected its own jagged silhouette back at it, but something was missing\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It narrowed its eyes. No movement. No heartbeat. No breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dragon exhaled, a low growl rumbling deep in its throat. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, a flicker\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something faint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Its gaze snapped to a section of the ice. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A hole. Small but unmistakable. And melting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The realization dawned too late.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It whipped its head around, scanning the ruins. Its tail lashed behind it, sending a sharp gust of freezing wind through the air. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It saw him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The boy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Standing there, beyond the shattered remnants of a falling archway, his gaze locked with the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There was a glow in the boy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand. The light was sharp. Focused. Dangerous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A circle. Floating. Pulsing with arcane symbols, burning bright like molten gold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And in its center\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a sphere of metal. Encased in fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It fired.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The fireball shot through the air like a comet, striking the Nightingale Dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head dead-on. A surge of satisfaction surged through Eddie\u8217\'92s chest as he saw the impact. The flames licked across the creature\u8217\'92s obsidian scales, searing a bright red mark into its thinner plating near the temple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dragon didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fall. It didn\u8217\'92t stagger. It didn\u8217\'92t even recoil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Instead, its five eyes burned with a new fury.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The smoldering mark he had left was shallow, insignificant. A dent, no more. The beast was not wounded. It was enraged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dragon moved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A blur of black and blue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Before Eddie could react, a shadow loomed over him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a massive tail, jagged with ice and spines, whipping through the air with deadly speed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Impact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie barely had time to brace before the force hit him like a cannonball.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Pain exploded across his ribs as his body was hurled backward, air ripping from his lungs. He saw the world spin\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jagged ruins, a glimpse of sky, a blur of movement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 before he crashed straight into an ancient archway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The stone crumbled upon impact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Dust and ice filled his vision as the world tipped sideways. His back screamed in protest, his limbs numb from the sheer force. His body lay sprawled amidst the shattered debris, pain crackling through every nerve like wildfire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His ears rang.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His vision swam.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Was this it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He tried to move, but his arms felt like lead. A faint coppery taste filled his mouth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The heavy sound of approaching footsteps rumbled through the frozen ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dragon was coming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The rubble beneath Eddie felt cold. Unforgiving. Sharp edges of broken stone dug into his palms as he tried to shift, but his body refused to obey. His ribs ached, his head spun, and each breath came shallow and ragged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Nightingale Dragon inched closer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Its five glowing eyes bore into him, its jagged maw parting with slow, deliberate hunger. Each breath it took sent a deep, guttural vibration through the frozen air, a terrible hum that rattled in Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bones.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Was this it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Was this really how he was going to die?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His fingers curled into a fist, weak, trembling\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 It wasn\u8217\'92t supposed to end like this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He had fought so hard, come so far\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only to fail. Only to be powerless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His mind drifted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Back to his childhood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Back to the dream he once had.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 To be an Alchemist. To create. To discover. To prove himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Once, that dream had been everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And yet, over the years, he had let it fade. He had let it be swallowed by doubt, by failure, by the weight of expectations that he could never meet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And now?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Now, he would die here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 without ever realizing what he truly wanted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The dragon drew in a breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Its chest glowed an eerie, pale blue, veins of ice pulsing beneath its obsidian scales.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was preparing its breath again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie shut his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A crack of heat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A sudden, explosive roar cut through the frozen air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes snapped open just in time to see fire\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a brilliant, searing torrent of flame\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 slam into the dragon\u8217\'92s side.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t his fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This one was stronger. More powerful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It burned through the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thick scales, piercing deep, forcing the beast to stagger back with a pained, guttural screech.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie turned, dazed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he saw her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She stood at a distance, supported by her staff\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the very same staff that had been broken in two not long ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But now, it was whole. Mended.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her robes were torn, her face bruised, her breath uneven\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but her stance was firm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A storm brewed in her golden eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn fool,\u8221\'94 Catherine spat, voice sharp with frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She took a step forward, gripping her staff tighter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should\u8217\'92ve stayed with the others, Edward.\u8221\'94}}