{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Markus and Catherine went outside the perimeter of the Eden Flowers, Eddie and Torrie settled down at the side of the Traveller\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path. The glowing Eden Flowers cast a gentle, golden light over the path, creating a serene atmosphere amidst the dense darkness of the Deep Glaive. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie sat next to Torrie on the edge of the path, his gaze fixed on the flickering lights of the Eden Flowers. On the other hand, Torrie focused on a more delicate task. She deftly wove Eden Flowers into a crown, her small fingers moving with practised ease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, Torrie,\u8221\'94 Eddie began, filling the silence. \u8220\'93How do you feel about seeing Catherine again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie looked up from her flower crown.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m happy.\u8221\'94 She said, \u8220\'93Not every day you meet someone with so much knowledge and experience. Aunt Catherine has travelled far and studied so much. Being able to learn from her is fascinating.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 Eddie flashed }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 a faint smile \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s... good to see her again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile widened slightly but didn\u8217\'92t reach her eyes as much as before. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what about you? How do you feel about meeting her again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just that?\u8221\'94 Torrie\u8217\'92s smile faltered, her eyes narrowing slightly as she studied Eddie\u8217\'92s face.  \u8220\'93Nothing else fascinates you about her return?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile faded, and he looked away, his expression suddenly distant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just... seeing her again is... cool\u8230\'85 She\u8217\'92s awesome.\u8221\'94 Eddie replied. He glanced at Torrie, whose previously bright demeanour had now shifted to something more serious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes searched his face, her gaze intense. \u8220\'93Are you telling me that\u8217\'92s all there is to it? You don\u8217\'92t feel anything else about her returning after all this time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shifted uncomfortably. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not like that. I just... I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile had vanished entirely, replaced by a frown of concern and confusion. \u8220\'93Eddie, I thought you\u8217\'92d be more... interested. You used to look up to her so much when we were young!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flicked to the side, avoiding her piercing gaze. \u8220\'93Maybe. I don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers paused mid-motion with the flower crown, her face a mask of frustration and somewhat hurt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Eden Flowers glowed softly. Their light cast long shadows that danced across their faces. The once-comforting glow now seemed to highlight the distance growing between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie finally broke the silence, her voice quiet but firm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re not interested in seeing what\u8217\'92s different, then...\u8221\'94 Her voice ceded down}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1  \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93why are you even here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moonlight pierced through the dense canopy of the Deep Glaive, casting jagged patterns across the forest floor. Twisted vines and ancient trees loomed like sentinels, their gnarled forms seeming almost alive in the shifting light. The forest was oppressively silent, broken only by the occasional rustle of leaves and the distant, haunting call of some unseen creature. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine walked through the darkness of the forest, lit up by a white glow she conjured from her staff, Markus is following behind her, his grip tight on Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s flintlock rifle. The weapon was raised, its polished barrel glinting faintly in the pale light. Every whisper of movement sent his heart racing, his eyes darting toward every shadow. At the slightest rustle of a bush, the rifle twitched in his hands, his finger hovering dangerously close to the trigger. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You haven\u8217\'92t answered my question, Markus.\u8221\'94 Catherine said, her eyes still forward.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, ma\u8217\'92am. I\u8217\'92m here because Eddie clearly don\u8217\'92t want to!\u8221\'94 Markus groaned, \u8220\'93In fact, I\u8217\'92m clearly a better shot than he is!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you clearly looked scared,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, brushing the bushes out of her way with her staff, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re holding that thing like we\u8217\'92re about to be ambushed by an army of bandits.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Easy for you to joke, ma\u8217\'92am!\u8221\'94 Markus lowered the rifle but kept it ready. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got magic and stuff! I\u8217\'92ve got only this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and it\u8217\'92s not exactly comforting.\u8221\'94 He gave the rifle a wary look as if it might betray him at any moment. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll be fine.\u8221\'94 Catherine said, her voice quiet but steady. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been through worse, believe me. And I promise you, we won\u8217\'92t be facing it alone if anything comes at us. Beasts this centuries tend to be much more smaller in size, so it will be a piece of cake.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright,\u8221\'94 he muttered. \u8220\'93One centuries old or one week old, I\u8217\'92m still keeping this thing ready.\u8221\'94  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They continued deeper into the forest. The silence between them seemed to press in even closer, distant howls and rustles of bushes are the only thing they could hear, the darkness growing thicker. Catherine kept her senses sharp, but sensing Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unease, she knows he needed something to keep his mind off his surroundings.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 she began, her tone conversational, \u8220\'93I used to visit Eddie\u8217\'92s home a lot when he was younger. We\u8217\'92d go adventuring in ancient dungeons, exploring caves and abandoned ruins. But an illusory forest is definitely first for me in ages.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94 Markus glanced at her, his face pale. \u8220\'93Yeah, I remember Eddie used to talk a lot about his adventures in the dungeons, that was what made him quite popular at school.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Was he now?\u8221\'94 Catherine chuckled. \u8220\'93Eddie used to love going off the path, treading the path uncharted. He was always adventurous, seeking new experiences, no matter the danger.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92d found ourselves in trouble countless times,\u8221\'94 Catherine continued, \u8220\'93But Eddie always seemed to enjoy the thrill of it. His older brother Alfred and I often had to help him out of those troubles he got himself in.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Markus said, \u8220\'93That was also the Eddie I remembered, he\u8217\'92s so reckless, even when he was school.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hm?\u8221\'94 Catherine said, curious, \u8220\'93You talk as if we are talking about two different person. What\u8217\'92s the matter with the Eddie we are with now?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie now...\u8221\'94 Markus sighed,  \u8220\'93He seems different. He doesn\u8217\'92t seem like the same person.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Different? \u8220\'93Catherine\u8217\'92s smile faded slightly as she looked at Markus. \u8220\'93How so?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t you know he was expelled?\u8221\'94}}