{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The moonlight filtered in through the high stained-glass hospital window, casting a pale, silver glow across the room. The soft rustling of the night breeze was the only sound, yet Eddie couldn't sleep. He lay on his back. He stared up at the ceiling, the quiet hours of the night stretching out before him like an endless expanse.}
\par\plain {The card Catherine had given him rested on his chest. Its brass surface was calm and weighty beneath his fingers. The owl sigil of the Sage's Institute gleamed faintly in the moonlight. Beneath it, Catherine's name and title\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\i1 Master Alchemist}{\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stood in sharp contrast to the softness of the room.}
\par\plain {Eddie turned the card over, tracing the edges with his thumb. Its weight felt symbolic as if it were more than just a gift. A decision was waiting, a door standing wide open before him.}
\par\plain {He had always wanted this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Alchemy, the pursuit of magic in its purest form. It had been his passion, his purpose back at Aella Academy, and now, it was within reach. But doubts crept in. He was no longer the same person he had been back then. He wasn't the golden student of the class. He had fallen, been expelled, and now he was just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 stuck.}
\par\plain {A deep sigh escaped him. His mind raced, replaying everything that had happened. Catherine's words, the moment they'd shared earlier in the courtyard. Davies's encouragement still ringing in his ears:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "If you're considering continuing to university, choose Alchemy! You've got a real knack for it!"}
\par\plain {Davies, of all people. The same guy he thought would never forgive him, who now had reminded him of the very thing he had buried deep inside. His talent. His potential. What if he didn't pursue this? What if he let this chance slip away like all the others? Would he ever get another one?}
\par\plain {Eddie closed his eyes and breathed deeply, trying to calm his racing thoughts. }{\f0\fs24\i1 It's not too late}{, he told himself. }{\f0\fs24\i1 I don't have to keep running away from what I really want.}
\par\plain {He opened his eyes and stared at the card again. The sigil glowed faintly as though it were waiting for him to make his choice. It was as if the universe had placed this opportunity in his path, and now it was his turn to decide if he would take it.}
\par\plain {The thought of walking into Sage's Institute. Of knocking on that front door in the heart of Central Weshaven. It filled him with a mixture of excitement and fear. But then, a sense of resolve settled over him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 When I get better}{, Eddie thought, }{\f0\fs24\i1 I will go. I'll knock on that door and tell them I'm ready. I'll make my way to Edenfield University. I'll pursue Alchemy for real.}
\par\plain {With the decision, Eddie felt a shift, a quiet sense of purpose taking root. His hand tightened around the brass card, his thumb retracing the edges.}
\par\plain {He would do it. He would become the Alchemist he was meant to be. }}