{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The familiar bustle of Edenfield University felt hollow to Eddie as he navigated its pathways. Gone was his usual easy smile, replaced by a grim determination etched on his face. In his right hand, a wad of flyers emblazoned with the chilling words "Missing Person" served as a constant reminder of their plight. Madeleine's smiling face, captured in the accompanying photo, only amplified the weight that settled on his heart with each step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie wasn't alone in his mission. Will, his presence a silent pillar of support, walked beside him. The once vibrant campus, teeming with student life, now seemed muted, the usual chatter replaced by hushed whispers that followed them like worried shadows. Every curious glance that lingered on their grim expressions fueled Eddie's urgency.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With each poster he slapped onto a surface - a telephone pole, a wall, a bulletin board - a flicker of hope ignited, only to be extinguished by the harsh reality of the situation. His hands trembled slightly as he secured another one, the stark contrast between Madeleine's beaming smile and the stark words above it a constant punch to the gut.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Their journey continued, a silent promise hanging heavy in the air. They would plaster Madeleine's face on every surface, their determination a testament to their unwavering friendship. As they moved from building to building.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie and Will sank onto a weathered bench outside the library, their postering marathon taking its toll. The late afternoon sun cast long shadows, painting the campus in a warm, melancholic glow. A cool breeze rustled through the nearby trees, carrying the faint scent of freshly cut grass and offering a momentary respite from the emotional turmoil churning within them. Each clutched a condensation-slicked beverage, the chilled liquid a small comfort against the burning worry in their hearts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stared down at his drink, his brow furrowed in a mixture of self-reproach and despair. "I should have known," he muttered, his voice heavy with regret. "My own friend... part of the Black Hand. How could I have been so blind?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will reached out, nudging him on his arm. "It's not your fault, mate," He said softly. "The bastard were good at hiding his true nature. No one could have expected this. Not even me."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shook his head, unconvinced. "But I should have seen it. I was seeing him for months, for crying out loud! There were signs, little things that just didn't sit right. I ignored them. And now Madeleine..." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Ed, listen to me man." He said firmly. "You can't blame yourself for this. You ain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mind readers. Nobody expects you to see through people, especially when they're so deeply woven."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A heavy silence descended upon them, broken only by the distant sounds of students hurrying to their evening classes. Finally, after a long moment, Will spoke again, her voice softer now, laced with a hint of curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You cared a lot about her, didn't you, Ed?" He asked, a knowing smile playing on her lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie met his gaze, a flicker of surprise crossing his features. He hesitated for a moment, then a small, genuine smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. "Yeah," he admitted sheepishly. "More than I ever admitted\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I guess."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His smile broadened, tinged with a bittersweet fondness. "She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a weird dragon girl I give you that," he chuckled, a single tear tracing a path down his cheek. "But you know what? She was... Interesting, And yeah," he continued, his voice firm now, a newfound determination replacing the self-pity, "she helped me out. She\u8217\'92s a good friend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will returned his smile, his own eyes shining with fierce determination. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then we\u8217\'92ll find her for sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Eddie and Will sat onto a bench outside the library, the weight of their shared sorrow momentarily lifted by the simple act of companionship}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Ed!\u8221\'94 Ashley shouted from the distant lawn, her voice is distant and he looked so small from across the lawn,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she closes the distance Ashley's footsteps echo against the pavement as she gets closer between them. Her arrival is unexpected but welcome, a ray of light piercing through the darkness of uncertainty.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reaching them, Ashley stopped, her chest heaving with exertion. Her clothes were rumpled, Her black cloak hanging askew on her shoulder, a testament to his frantic dash across campus. "Eddie, Will," she gasped, her voice thick with breathless anticipation. "I think... I think I found something."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie's posture straightened, his solemn expression morphing into one of keen interest. "What's going on, Ashley?" he pressed, a spark of hope igniting in his own eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley took a moment to catch her breath, gratefully accepting the drink Will offered and sat next to her on the stairs. "I spoke with my advocacy group," she explained, downing a large gulp of the cool liquid. "I thnk I know how can we find Madeleine."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked, \u8220\'93What did you find?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Maybe there's another way, Eddie," she said, her gaze fixed intently on him. "What if we gather people who've also lost loved ones to the Black Hand? People who understand the pain we're going through, the desperation. People who would fight for a chance to get their loved ones back, just like us."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie's eyes widened in realization. "That could work," he breathed, a flicker of hope rekindled in his gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Think about it," Ashley continued, her voice gaining strength. "There must be others who have put up missing person posters around campus other than us, people with contact information. We could reach out to them, offer them a chance to join forces. It wouldn't be an army of trained soldiers, but an army driven by a common purpose \endash  to bring down the Black Hand and find the people they love."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will considered her words, a slow smile spreading across his face. "A bit risky, but it might just be our best shot," he conceded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A triumphant grin lit up Ashley's face. "And you know what, Eddie?" she said, her voice brimming with newfound confidence. "I knew you for a fact that if you had a plan, then we're sure as heck gonna get Madeleine back."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie chuckled. "Yeah," he agreed, a nervous chuckle escaping his lips. "We'll try."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will straightened his shoulders, his earlier weariness replaced by a surge of renewed energy. "Alright then," he declared, his voice ringing with conviction. "Let's do it. We'll gather our own army."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley, her grin widening, clapped Will on the back. "That's the spirit, Will! Come on!" she exclaimed, his excitement bubbling over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Together, they stood united on the weathered bench, a beacon of hope amidst the encroaching darkness. The path ahead wouldn't be easy, but with a newfound purpose and a shared sense of purpose, they were ready to face whatever challenges awaited them. They would find Madeleine. They would dismantle the Black Hand. And they would do it together.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}