{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stepped off the ferry first, tossing a few coins to the ferryman before offering a hand to Torrie. As her boots hit the wooden planks, she immediately turned to take in their surroundings, but Eddie tugged his flat cap lower over his forehead, his gaze flickering warily over the busy dock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air here was different\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 crisper, drier. It lacked the thick, briny scent of Weshaven, replaced instead by the rich aromas of spice crates being unloaded, the earthy tang of dried herbs, and the occasional whiff of parchment and ink from merchants tallying their stock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Osthaven was busier in a different way. Where Weshaven had the steady rhythm of fishermen mending nets and gutting the morning\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s catch, Osthaven hummed with the brisk efficiency of trade. Dockhands hauled crates marked with foreign sigils, couriers weaved through carts, and merchants haggled over silk and spices from distant lands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie took it all in, wide-eyed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 bigger than I thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie forced a smirk. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Told you. Less fish guts, more commerce.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But even as he spoke, his steps were measured, his shoulders tense beneath his coat. He pulled his flat cap down further, a quiet gesture of habit\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 of avoidance of the last time he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d walked these streets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He tried not to think about it. Tried not to wonder if someone in the crowd might recognize him, might turn and whisper. It had been a year, but memories had a way of lingering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie, oblivious to his unease, strode ahead, drinking in every detail.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Look at that!" she pointed excitedly to a trio of scholars in deep blue robes, their arms laden with books as they argued in hushed, hurried tones. "Are they from the university?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yeah," Eddie muttered. "Researchers, probably. Aella\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got plenty of them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They continued down the road, weaving through colorful stalls and past warehouse workers shouting orders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze landed on a small stall by the corner, where the scent of roasted chestnuts drifted through the air. His fingers brushed against the strap of his bag as a familiar memory surfaced.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "See that?" He nudged Torrie. "Markus and I used to stop there after classes. We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d split a bag of chestnuts and complain about assignments the whole way home."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie wrinkled her nose. "You two really bonded over complaining, huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie smirked. "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s an art form, I tell you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the warmth of nostalgia faded too quickly, replaced by the weight pressing at his ribs. He shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be here. Not for long.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they walked past a faded green awning, his steps faltered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "And that place," he pointed, voice quieter now, "was where I used to get supplies for my\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 projects."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie arched a brow. "What kind of }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 projects}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Alchemy, mostly," Eddie said, exhaling softly. "The owner\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 grumpiest old man you'd ever meet\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 used to grumble about every single request I made, but he never actually turned me away."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie grinned. "Sounds like he liked you."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie scoffed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think he just liked my coins.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The humor felt thin, fleeting. His fingers curled slightly, pressing into his palms. It was strange, being back. The streets hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t changed, but everything }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 felt}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  different.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie, still beaming, nudged him lightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been here a lot, huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie hesitated before nodding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85 long ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 Torrie said, her voice light, \u8220\'93now I\u8217\'92m here too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie huffed a quiet laugh, shaking his head as if to brush away the past. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Let\u8217\'92s get you to Aella.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {As they left the bustle of Osthaven behind, the roads stretched wider, the houses growing sparser until they gave way to rolling fields and clusters of trees. The scent of salt and spice was gradually replaced by damp earth and the fresh, clean air of the countryside.}
\par\plain {Torrie clung to Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s coat from her seat on the back of the bicycle, her voice bright with curiosity. "Are we almost there?"}
\par\plain {"Still a ways to go," Eddie said, pedaling steadily. "We have to go through the forest first."}
\par\plain {She tilted her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forest?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The road sloped upward, and as they crested the hill, the trees thickened. Oaks and pines stretched high, their boughs intertwining to form a dense canopy overhead. Shadows pooled beneath them, deep and unmoving. The further they went, the heavier the air seemed, as if they had crossed into another world entirely.}
\par\plain {Then, the first glimmers of light appeared\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 small, golden blossoms lining the path, their petals glowing softly like embers in the dusk. The light wove between the cracks in the stone pavement, illuminating the way forward.}
\par\plain {A rustle came from the trees. Then, a low, distant call. Not quite a growl, not quite a voice\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something in between.}
\par\plain {Torrie tensed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she murmured. \u8220\'93Is it safe here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 Eddie replied, his voice even. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just an Illusory Forest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She clutched his coat a little tighter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Illusory?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. There are plenty of \u8216\'91em in Osthaven,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93Scarwich Grove\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this one\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 isn\u8217\'92t too bad. There\u8217\'92s another near here, the Northern Gibdon Depth. That one\u8217\'92s trickier, denser. The deeper you go, the stranger they get.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {Torrie hesitated before asking, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there one back in Weshaven?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94 he said, slower this time. \u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s different. Older. Nobody goes in\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not even Aella students. It\u8217\'92s the deepest Illusory Forest in Solivia.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie swallowed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The one back in Weshaven is called the Deep Glaive,\u8221\'94 Eddie said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s said to go so deep, it swallows anything that enters. It\u8217\'92s full of ruins\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Elven ruins, from the Nocturnilus Period. Some say it\u8217\'92s cursed. Others say it\u8217\'92s just been forgotten.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The trees around them whispered as they passed, but Eddie kept his eyes ahead.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But don\u8217\'92t worry though.\u8221\'94 Eddie continued, \u8220\'93This one\u8217\'92s not as dense as others.\u8221\'94 He gestured at the glowing flowers.  \u8220\'93These will keep us safe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie peered down at them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What kind of flowers are they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer right away. The soft whir of the bike\u8217\'92s wheels filled the silence, the golden blossoms casting faint, flickering patterns on his hands. His grip on the handlebars tightened.}
\par\plain {Finally, he murmured, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eden Flowers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {There was something distant in his voice, something just out of reach. Torrie glanced up at him, but his face was set, his eyes fixed ahead, unreadable. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like him to hesitate over a simple question.}
\par\plain {The bike rolled on, past the flowers swaying gently in the cold morning breeze.}
\par\plain {The forest thickened around them, but the path remained clear. A warm hush filled the air, like a place caught between worlds.}
\par\plain {Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s curiosity sparked again. \u8220\'93So\u8230\'85 what else makes an Illusory Forest like this special?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip on the handlebars shifted. \u8220\'93The arcane flow here is denser,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93It gathers in the forest itself. It makes spellcasting easier\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you\u8217\'92ll see once you start practicing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He hesitated, then added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it also makes the forest\u8230\'85 strange. Paths shift. Sounds echo. Some people say the trees whisper, but that\u8217\'92s probably just superstition.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why does that happen?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie exhaled, adjusting his grip. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t really know,\u8221\'94 he admitted. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s something to do with the way the arcane flows in the forest, but I never really studied that. If you want real answers, you should ask the Conjuration teachers. They\u8217\'92re the ones who understand all these weird arcane stuff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The reassurance settled over her, but still, she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t shake the feeling that this place held more than it let on.}
\par\plain {They rode on, the golden glow flickering at their sides. Then, slowly, the trees began to thin. Their towering forms shrank away, letting sunlight trickle back in. The air grew warmer, the scent of earth replaced by something lighter, drier.}
\par\plain {And then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 open space.}
\par\plain {The forest fell away behind them, revealing rolling fields of golden hay, stretching endlessly beneath the afternoon sky. Farmhouses dotted the hills, smoke curling gently from their chimneys. The road dipped downward, and as they coasted down the slope, a grand structure rose in the distance.}
\par\plain {Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught.}
\par\plain {Aella Academy.}
\par\plain {Perched atop a hill, its spires gleamed in the sun, its stonework bright against the sky. The domed towers stood tall, their stained-glass windows glinting like gemstones. A wide bridge arched over a gentle river, leading to an iron-gated entrance. Beyond the gates, students in deep blue robes moved across sprawling courtyards, their voices carrying in the wind.}
\par\plain {Torrie tightened her grip around Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s waist.}
\par\plain {He exhaled, slow and measured.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome to Aella,\u8221\'94 he murmured.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie pedaled through the last stretch of road, the cobbled streets of Osthaven giving way to packed dirt as they left the bustle of town behind. Fields of golden hay swayed gently in the morning breeze, stretching far and wide, their soft rustling the only sound accompanying them now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then, past the gentle slope of the hill, Aella Academy came into view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It stood just as Eddie remembered\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tall, sturdy, with its weathered stone walls and a modest courtyard nestled at its center. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the grandest school in Solivia, not the kind spoken of in hushed reverence like Edenfield, but around here, it was everything. A place of learning, discipline, and quiet ambition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie slowed the bike to a stop near the front gate. Torrie hopped off, adjusting her satchel, her eyes gleaming as she took in the sight before her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 she said, turning to him, a wide grin breaking across her face, \u8220\'93I guess this is it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll do fine, Torrie.\u8221\'94 Eddie said, forcing a small smirk. \u8220\'93You better not cause too much trouble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stuck her tongue out playfully before stepping forward, her pace quickening until she was practically skipping through the front gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie lingered by the entrance, watching her go. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He saw himself in her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The same eagerness, the same restless energy that had carried him through these very gates years ago. He remembered what it was like, standing on the threshold of something new, looking ahead and seeing only possibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, he stood on the other side of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie let out a quiet breath, gripping the handles a little tighter before shaking his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go get \u8216\'91em, Torrie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And with that, he turned the bike around and started pedaling back towards town.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He just had to get back to town, maybe find a quiet corner to sit for a while before catching the ferry home. But as he was about to mount his bike, a voice cut through the crowds of students.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edward!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He flinched. His fingers tightened around the handlebars. For a second, he considered pretending he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t heard. Plenty of students had the name Edward, right? It didn\u8217\'92t have to be him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Edward!\u8230\'85 Welton!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie slowed, his stomach knotting. Slowly, hesitantly, he turned his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Near the front gate of Aella Academy, amidst the stream of students hurrying into the school, stood Mr. Ferie. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s old Alchemy mentor was just as he remembered\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dark-skinned, balding, his round brass glasses perched on his nose, and an ever-present spark of energy in his step despite his age. The students passing by greeted him with cheerful nods and waves, a testament to how well-liked he was. And then, as he spotted Eddie, his face lit up with recognition, his hoarse but warm voice cutting through the morning air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mr. Ferie strode toward him, clapping a firm hand on his shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah! I thought that was you! It\u8217\'92s been years! How have you been, my boy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie swallowed, forcing his lips into something that resembled a smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85 yeah. It\u8217\'92s been a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mr. Ferie beamed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More than a while! I haven\u8217\'92t seen you since\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 He paused, brow furrowing slightly as he searched for the last memory he had of Eddie. Then, his face brightened again. \u8220\'93Ah, since that competition! You had the judges hanging onto your every word\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Professor Borman from Edenfield even wrote you a recommendation, didn\u8217\'92t he?\u8221\'94 He chuckled, adjusting his brass-rimmed glasses. \u8220\'93So? Did you take the chance? Studying Alchemy at Edenfield, I hope?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie felt something sour coil in his stomach. He gripped the strap of his bag a little tighter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mr. Ferie chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, I knew it. You always had a mind for it, Edward. All those competitions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 still remember the time you turned an iron ingot into living vinework? That was a masterpiece! One of the finest young alchemists I ever had the pleasure of mentoring.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stiffened. He could feel the expectation in Mr. Ferie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice, the unshaken belief in who he used to be.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His hands felt clammy. The last thing he wanted was to stand here, listening to praise that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t belong to him anymore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mr. Ferie, oblivious to his unease, clapped his hands together. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So! What brings you back to Osthaven? Surely not just a visit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shifted his weight. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just dropping someone off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? A friend?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My\u8230\'85 sister.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mr. Ferie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brows lifted. \u8220\'93Torrie, was it? Following in your footsteps, then! That\u8217\'92s wonderful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie forced a chuckle, but it barely held.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mr. Ferie sighed wistfully. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, you know, I always hoped I\u8217\'92d see you again, Edward. You had such promise. I can only imagine the things you\u8217\'92ve accomplished since Edenfield.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat tightened. He glanced away, fingers gripping the strap of his bag as if it could anchor him. His mind scrambled for an exit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lie. Tell him you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re doing fine. That you\u8217\'92re excelling. That you\u8217\'92re still the student he remembers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the words wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 uh, I should get going,\u8221\'94 Eddie blurted. \u8220\'93Mum\u8217\'92s expecting me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mr. Ferie blinked, surprise flickering across his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? Well, I suppose we\u8217\'92ll catch up properly another time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Eddie was already moving, swinging himself onto his bike. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yeah, of course,\u8221\'94 he called over his shoulder, forcing a smile that didn\u8217\'92t quite reach his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then he was pedaling away, fast enough that the cobbled road rattled beneath his tires. Fast enough that Mr. Ferie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice faded into the morning hum of Aella Academy. Fast enough that he didn\u8217\'92t have to see the warmth in his mentor\u8217\'92s eyes turn into something else\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 realization, maybe, or disappointment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look back.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie pedaled steadily through the streets of Osthaven, the hum of the town buzzing around him. The salty breeze had thinned, replaced by the scent of fresh bread, spices, and something sweet roasting over an open flame. His stomach reminded him, with a low grumble, that breakfast had been hurried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He slowed to a stop near a familiar stall, the one that sold honeyed almonds and sesame biscuits. The sight alone pulled him back to old routines\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 grabbing a bag for himself, an extra for Markus. It had been a while, but some habits never quite faded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After paying the vendor, he stepped back toward his bicycle, ready to sling the bag over the handlebars\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when something caught his eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A building stood across the street, its architecture different from the others around it. Age clung to its stone walls, yet the towering columns bore intricate carvings, their shapes unmistakably Elvish. Time had weathered them, but their elegance remained, a relic of a bygone era.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Above the heavy wooden doors, an emblem was set in iron: an owl, perched upon a scroll, wings tucked close. Beneath it, carved into the worn brass plaque, were two simple words.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Sage Institute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stared, something stirring in his chest. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t noticed it before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 maybe he had never cared to look. But now, standing there, it felt like the building was watching him back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eyes tracing the contours of the emblem, }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie lingered a moment longer, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the owl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unblinking gaze seeming almost knowing. The Sage Institute. He knew nothing about it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had never needed to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but something about it gnawed at the edges of his mind. A curiosity, fleeting yet persistent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a breath, he shook it off, tucking the bag of snacks securely inside his satchel before turning back to his bicycle. The world outside his thoughts rushed back in\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the chatter of merchants, the rhythmic clatter of hooves on cobblestones, the occasional call of dockworkers hauling cargo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He swung a leg over the bike and pushed off, weaving through the streets of Osthaven with practiced ease. The town passed him by in a blur of nostalgia and familiarity, but his mind remained half elsewhere, lingering on the building, on the emblem, on the feeling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The distant chime of a bell tower reminded him of the time. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t in a hurry, but he didn\u8217\'92t want to miss the next ferry back to Weshaven either.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time he reached the harbor, the ferry was already boarding. He rolled his bicycle up the gangway, found a quiet spot near the railing, and exhaled, letting the sea breeze wash over him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back to Weshaven. Back to his routines.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}