{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stepped into the cafeteria. The warm aroma of freshly brewed coffee and baked goods enveloped him, mingling with fellow patrons' gentle laughter and chatter. The vibrant decor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 colourful banners and enchanting murals\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 added to the lively atmosphere, making the space feel inviting and alive. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He approached the counter, where a barista with a scarred face greeted him. There was something familiar about the man, though Eddie couldn't quite place it. The barista offered a friendly smile as he took Eddie's order. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "A coffee and a toast with egg, please," Eddie said, trying to keep his voice steady. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Coming right up," the barista replied, working swiftly. As Eddie waited, he scanned the room, noticing the bright, cheerful faces around him. It starkly contrasted with the heaviness that had weighed on him before. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When the barista placed the steaming cup and the neatly arranged toast in front of him, he gave a grateful nod. He settled at a table by the window. The sunlight streamed in, illuminating the intricate patterns of the courtyard outside. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As he took his first sip of coffee, a warmth spread through him. He couldn't help but smile, the familiar flavours comforting him in a way he hadn't expected. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 While chewing on the toast, he glanced back at the barista, who was busy serving another customer. The man turned slightly, and Eddie saw the scar again. Something about it sparked a distant memory, but it was fleeting. Eddie shrugged it off, focusing instead on the moment\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the peaceful ambience, the delicious food, and the comforting feeling of being cared for. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Eddie enjoyed his toast, the barista struck up a conversation. "A toast with an egg? That's a specific menu choice," he said with a friendly smile. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yeah, I kind of got used to it," Eddie replied, taking another sip of his coffee. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Comfort food?" the barista asked, small talks. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yeah, it's my comfort food." Eddie nodded, feeling the warmth of the conversation. They chatted about the cafeteria's best dishes and shared a few laughs. But as Eddie leaned in to catch a better look at the man's face, something clicked in his mind. The scar and the way he spoke began to make sense. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9 was alive with the low hum of conversations and the clinking of ceramic cups. But Eddie's world seemed to narrow as he caught sight of the barista's nametag. His heart stopped, then lurched into a wild, unsteady rhythm. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Davies Mortimer.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The name flashed in his mind like a warning bell, dragging a cascade of memories he'd long tried to suppress. He clenched his fists, the edges of his fingernails biting into his palms as anxiety clawed at his chest. Of all people... }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 why him? }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie's stomach churned as he stood frozen. His mind racing through worst-case scenarios. Would Davies recognise him? Would he hate him for what he'd done? The scar on Davies' face had been Eddie's doing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a permanent mark of his recklessness. The shame and guilt that Eddie thought he had buried came rushing back, each thought heavier than the last. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Summoning his courage, Eddie takes a deep breath. There was no flicker of recognition in Davies' eyes. No immediate sign that he remembered the boy who had left such a mark on him. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Davies?" Eddie's voice wavered, a mix of surprise and hesitation. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The barista's eyebrows furrowed slightly, then lifted in polite curiosity. "That's me. Can I help you?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie felt the pit in his stomach deepen. "It's me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eddie," he said, his voice softer now, almost apologetic. When that didn't register, he added, "Eddie Welton." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Davies' brow furrowed, the name not quite connecting. "Sorry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Should I know you?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie felt a knot tighten in his stomach. Of course, it wouldn't be obvious\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it had been years\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Seven years, in fact. He swallowed hard, forcing himself to continue. "We were classmates. Back at Aella Academy." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something flickered across Davies' face. His eyes widened slightly, the pieces finally falling into place. "Wait a second\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85" He stepped closer, leaning against the counter as realisation dawned. "The Edward Welton? The guy who won the second years Alchemy Tournament?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked, stunned by the sudden shift in tone. "Uh, yeah. That's... me." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Holy shit, man!" Davies laughed, his voice full of genuine warmth. He stepped out from behind the counter. Arms outstretched, and clapped Eddie on the shoulder like an old friend. "Man, it's been ages! I can't believe you're here!" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tension in Eddie's chest loosened, replaced by a confusing swirl of relief and disbelief. He hadn't expected this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 any of this. Where he had imagined hostility or fear, there was only friendliness. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You remember me?" Eddie asked cautiously, his voice tinged with uncertainty. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Of course I do!" Davies said, grinning. "You were the top Alchemy student in our class. Everyone talked about how you were going to change the field someday. What are you up to now?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie hesitated, still grappling with the unexpected warmth of the encounter. He rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. "I... I'm working with my dad. At Welton's Apothecary." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Davies' grin widened. "No kidding? That place is still around? I remember hearing about it back at Aella. Your dad used to send us those fancy potions for school projects. You're lucky\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you've got actual experience now." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie managed a small smile, though his mind was still reeling. "Yeah, it's... it's good. A lot of work, but it keeps me busy." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Busy is good," Davies said, leaning against the counter. "And you were always one of the best. No surprise you ended up doing something with Alchemy." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "How are you, Davies?" Eddie asked back. "How's life for you?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Davies shrugged, a grin spreading across his face. "Can't complain. Took some time off from the academy and decided to focus on something more grounded. Turns out, brewing coffee is pretty rewarding." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie smiled but couldn't shake the feeling that their past loomed between them. "I'm glad to hear that. I've... been through a lot myself." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There is a silence }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Look, Davies\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85" Eddie's voice cracked slightly as he broke the silence, his words coming out in a rush. "I need to say this. I'm really sorry for what I did back then." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Davies blinked, confusion flickering across his face. "What are you talking about?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie swallowed hard, his gaze fixed on the counter between them. "The duel. Back at Aella. You know... when I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when I...\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Eddie said, then gestured at the scar on his face, \u8220\'93When I did that." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Davies tilted his head, a faint crease forming between his brows. "Eddie, that was years ago\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No, let me finish," Eddie interrupted, his voice tinged with desperation. "I need to say this. I've carried the guilt from that day with me ever since. It was my fault. I lost control, and you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " His throat tightened, and he had to pause to steady himself. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You got hurt because of me. I've replayed it a hundred times in my head. I thought about what I could've done differently and how I should've stopped before it got that far. And... I just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I hate myself for it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m sorry." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Davies' expression softened as Eddie's words spilt out. "Ed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I thought you'd hate me\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I thought everyone would," Eddie continued, his voice barely above a whisper. "Whenever I thought about seeing you again, I imagined you'd look at me with anger, or... or fear. Whenever I passes through Aella Academy or the town of Osthaven I expected rumours, side eyes and gossips. And I wouldn't blame you, I wouldn\u8217\'92t blame them. I deserve that." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Davies sighed, leaning against the counter. "Eddie, look at me, man." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Reluctantly, Eddie raised his eyes, bracing himself for the condemnation he was sure would follow. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yeah, it sucked," Davies said plainly, his voice steady but kind. "It hurts like a bitch back then, and I was mad for a while. But I'm not mad now. We were kids. Stupid kids who didn't know better. And besides, I should've backed off too. We were both trying to prove something that didn't even matter in the grand scheme of things." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "But it wasn't your fault," Eddie interjected, guilt pooling. "It was mine. I started it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No, Edward, I wasn't blameless either," Davies said firmly. "I let my ego get the better of me, too. I pushed you. I wanted to humiliate you in front of everyone, and that's on me. And\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He hesitated, rubbing the back of his neck. "I hurt Markus, your friend. I knew how close you two were, and I went to rile him up just to get to you. That was low, and I'm sorry for that. I should've never dragged him into it." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie's eyes widened at the admission, his guilt momentarily giving way to surprise. "You don't have to apologise for that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yeah, I do," Davies interrupted gently. "Markus didn't deserve that, and neither did you. I was a cocky fucking jerk back then, and I hurt people just to feel like I was on top. I regret it. Just as much as you might have regretted what happened in that duel." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie's shoulders sagged, the knot in his chest loosening slightly. "I don't know what to say. I thought... I thought you'd hate me. I was sure you'd never want to see me again." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Davies gave a small, rueful laugh. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I did hate you. For a little while, anyway. But you're not the same kid you were back then, are you? Neither am I. Life's too short to hold grudges."  He lets out a chuckle, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grudges will prevent you from brewing good coffee.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked up, chuckling. "You're a better person than I am. I've spent years avoiding my past, fearing what I'd find if I faced it." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well," Davies said, clapping Eddie on the shoulder with a grin, "sounds like you're facing it now. That's a start, isn't it?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I... I don't know what to say," Eddie admitted, his voice thick. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Davies grinned, clapping Eddie on the shoulder. "How about 'thanks for not spitting in my coffee'? Or better yet, 'thanks for making it extra strong'?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie let out a shaky laugh, the tension in his chest easing just a fraction. "Thanks for not spitting in my coffee," he said, his voice lighter now, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But no, it\u8217\'92s not strong enough, Davies.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Screw you Welton." Davies laughed. "Now, how about we catch up properly? Tell me what you've been up to since the academy." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Well, for starters," Eddie began, rubbing the back of his neck, "I'm not at Aella anymore." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Davies raised an eyebrow. "Not at the academy? Where are you now? Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say you just spend the last seven years brewing potions?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie laughed, feeling more at ease. "Yeah, well, I wouldn't exactly say I'm blowing things up anymore. But I guess it's... it's quieter. More grounded." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Good for you," Davies said, nodding. "Sounds like you've found a path that works for you." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Sort of\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85" Eddie's smile faltered for a moment. He remembered his struggles with his magic, but he quickly pushed it aside. "Actually, a few days ago, I had a visitor. An elf\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she's a little... eccentric, but she's been a big help. I guess she was looking for something... a lost piece of history or magic. Some ancient codex or something. She's kind of a wanderer." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Davies raised an eyebrow, intrigued. "An elf, huh? Sounds like she left quite an impression," }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that moment, Davies leaned in, his grin widening. "Oh, and by the way, Eddie," he said, a teasing glint in his eyes. "A lady with red hair said that if I met a guy with white hair and green eyes, I should ask him to meet her in the courtyard. You reckon it was you?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie's heart skipped a beat as he processed the information. "Catherine? What is she doing here?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Davies raised an eyebrow, clearly piecing things together. "Wait... red hair, green eyes? Yeah, that sounds like her. She had sharp ears too, didn't she? Must've been the elf you're talking about." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded. Feeling a slight weight lift from his shoulders as he confirmed Davies' realisation. "Yeah, that sounded like Catherine." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Davies' expression shifted to one of mild concern. "Huh. That explains a lot. She was in the cafeteria earlier this morning and had a sling on her arm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it wasn't hard to spot her. Then she left pretty suddenly and said she was heading to the courtyard. That was a couple of hours ago, though." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie's stomach clenched at the thought of her alone out there, especially after everything. "She... broke her arm?" he asked, his voice tinged with worry. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yeah," Davies said, shrugging. "Seemed like she might've hurt it. But she didn't look too upset, just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 well, you know\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 distracted, like something else was on her mind." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie's mind raced. He couldn't shake the image of Catherine alone in the courtyard, nursing an injury. "Is she okay? Should I go check on her?" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yeah, she seemed fine enough," Davies replied, his tone softening. "But, uh, sounds like she could use a friend. Probably a good idea to go meet her." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie hesitated for a moment, his concern for Catherine growing stronger. "I... I should go. Thanks for telling me, Davies." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No problem," Davies said, giving him a nod. "Take care of her, Eddie. Sounds like you've got some catching up to do." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stood up, his resolve solidifying. With a wave, he approached the door, a new sense of purpose guiding him as he headed to the courtyard. The lingering warmth of their conversation bolstered him, reminding him that change was possible\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not just for Davies but for him, too. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Eddie reached for the door, a voice called out from behind him. "Hey, Eddie!" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned, seeing Davies leaning against the counter, a grin tugging at his lips. "If you're considering continuing to university, choose Alchemy! You've got a real knack for it!" }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked, surprised by the words. But the compliment made his chest swell with something between pride and guilt. He gave Davies a slight nod, feeling a spark of encouragement. "Thanks! I'll keep that in mind." }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With that, Eddie stepped out of the cafeteria and into the hallway. The vibrant atmosphere of the hospital still buzzed around him. As he approached the courtyard, gentle laughter and the soft splashing of water from the central fountain grew clearer. }}