{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie and Leonie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s family was massacred due to a rebellion}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King Gereon has ruled the kingdom of Edenfield for a few decades,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From Edenfield\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s previous monarchs, King Gereon has a nickname of the Just King, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He made many radical and revolutionary law changes, some that even changes traditional law}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This also made a significant changes to Edenfield\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s quality of life, especially the upper classes, since Edenfield is made mostly of upper classes}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The schemed a regicide, blaming it on a certain group}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The regicide happens, King Gereon and his family (allegedly, except for his two sons) are killed. His brother King Herald became a next in line, and became king.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For decades. Edenfield goes back to its glory days, the upper classes thriving}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Until, one day, King Herald was poisoned.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 King Herald has no kin, or next in line}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then the leader of the Black Hand party announced, the kin of King Gereon lives, and it is Leonard of Edenfield. The surviving prince. One of the twin princes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leonard ruled over the kingdom of Edenfield, reverting it back to its Elven Golden age.}}