{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The evening had settled in, and the warm orange and purple hues of the sunset had already started to fade from the sky. Eddie sat on his bed, holding Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s electric guitar awkwardly in his arms. He had no idea how to play, but Will had insisted\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 after noticing his friend\u8217\'92s somber mood\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that Eddie needed something to distract him.}
\par\plain {Will was lounging on his own bed, strumming his guitar effortlessly with a grin on his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Ed, first thing\u8217\'92s first\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you need to press down on the frets harder. You\u8217\'92re being too gentle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie glanced down at his fingers, unsure of how to press the strings with any more force. "No, Ed, you are pressing the frets too lightly! It doesn't sound good!" Will protested from across the room, sitting cross-legged and looking at Eddie with that typical confident, slightly cocky grin.}
\par\plain {"Look, how am I supposed to press this?" Eddie grumbled, fumbling with the strings. "My fingers aren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t that long! I\u8217\'92m not some sort of contortionist."}
\par\plain {Will laughed, shaking his head. "It's all about finding the right pressure, mate. You just gotta get used to it. Trust me, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll get there."}
\par\plain {Eddie sighed, turning the guitar in his hands again, as if trying to figure out how to make it do something remotely musical. "I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know, Will... this doesn\u8217\'92t seem like something that\u8217\'92s supposed to make sense."}
\par\plain {"Well, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not gonna make sense if you keep whining about it!" Will chuckled. "Here, let me show you again." He scooted closer, leaning over and gently pressing Eddie\u8217\'92s fingers down on the fretboard. "Just like this."}
\par\plain {Eddie shifted uncomfortably. Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands were much more confident, and his own were struggling to mimic the movement. He tried again, this time pressing the frets more firmly. It sounded less like a dying animal and more like an actual chord, but just barely.}
\par\plain {"See? That wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t so bad," Will said, nudging him playfully. "Now try this one."}
\par\plain {Eddie shot him a look. "Oh sure, just keep throwing more chords at me, Will. What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s next, the solo?"}
\par\plain {Will grinned. "You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll get there, but let\u8217\'92s take it one step at a time. Think of this as... therapy. For your brain."}
\par\plain {Eddie chuckled, a little begrudgingly, but he appreciated the effort. The frustration that had been brewing all day seemed to melt away, at least a little. There was something oddly calming about the simple repetition of trying to play the guitar, even if it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t something Eddie was particularly good at.}
\par\plain {But before they could continue their musical therapy session, the door to their room opened, and Walther stepped inside, his usual calm demeanor softened by the evening\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s quiet. His eyes flicked between Eddie and Will, sizing up the situation with that quiet, observant way of his.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Walther,\u8221\'94 Will greeted, flashing his usual grin. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention shifted to Walther, unsure what this visit was about. He hadn\u8217\'92t seen the older student much today, and with everything going on, he\u8217\'92d almost forgotten Walther existed in his little world of alchemy and awkward mana control.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need to talk to Eddie,\u8221\'94 Walther said, his tone polite but serious. He glanced at Will, who raised an eyebrow before slowly standing up.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, mate,\u8221\'94 Will said with a nod, stretching his arms above his head. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll leave you two to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He shot Eddie a quick, knowing look, as if sensing something off in the air. Eddie just gave him a small wave as Will exited the room, leaving the door slightly ajar.}
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain {The warm, earthy smell of cocoa filled the air as Walther placed a steaming mug of hot chocolate in front of Eddie at the dining table. The flickering candlelight cast soft shadows over the small, cozy space in Dorm 7\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s common room. Henry was sprawled across the couch not far from them, his research papers scattered in a chaotic mess on the table beside him. He was face-down in a book, snoring loudly, his final-year exhaustion hanging heavy over him. Eddie could tell Henry had been burning the candle at both ends, and the sight of his worn-out roommate made him feel even more out of place in comparison.}
\par\plain {Walther sat across from Eddie, the quiet clink of his mug setting the tone for the conversation. He gave Eddie a small, knowing smile, his calm demeanor never wavering. "So," Walther began, his voice as smooth as the chocolate between them, "How\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the training with Madeleine going?"}
\par\plain {Eddie took a sip from his mug, savoring the warmth that spread through him. It was a rare comfort\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hot chocolate in the evening, far from his coastal home, surrounded by strange faces and even stranger magic. "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s... going pretty well," Eddie replied, his brow furrowing slightly as he thought back to the earlier struggles. "I just get a little confused with her approach. She\u8217\'92s more about feeling it, and... I don\u8217\'92t know, it\u8217\'92s hard for me to wrap my head around. I\u8217\'92m used to something more structured, more... systematic."}
\par\plain {Walther leaned back in his chair, his gaze thoughtful but curious. "Hmm," he mused. "Well, it sounds like you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re making progress. Getting that kind of control isn\u8217\'92t easy for anyone." He paused, eyes flicking toward the mess Henry had left behind on the couch before meeting Eddie's gaze again. "I take it you\u8217\'92re not the only one in her circle, though?"}
\par\plain {Eddie raised an eyebrow, clearly caught off guard. "What do you mean? How do you know about it?"}
\par\plain {Walther smiled, leaning forward slightly. "Madeleine and I are classmates. We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re both second years in Herbology. We work together on a few projects, so I\u8217\'92ve seen her work up close." He looked down into his mug, swirling the drink absently before locking eyes with Eddie again. "Why do you ask?"}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened with surprise. "Wait, Madeleine\u8217\'92s your classmate? I had no idea," he admitted, his mind racing with the sudden realization. "So... what\u8217\'92s she like in class? What\u8217\'92s she like as a student?"}
\par\plain {Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips curled into a subtle, almost amused smile, but there was something about it that seemed a little guarded. "She\u8217\'92s... dedicated," he said carefully, choosing his words as if measuring them. "She takes her work seriously, but she\u8217\'92s not as rigid as some of the others. She has her own way of thinking about magic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 unconventional, but effective. I\u8217\'92d say she\u8217\'92s pretty well-liked by most of the faculty."}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded thoughtfully, absorbing this new information. "Unconventional, huh? Yeah, that sounds like her."}
\par\plain {Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes twinkled, as if he could see through Eddie\u8217\'92s thoughts. "I wouldn\u8217\'92t be so quick to dismiss her approach," he said. "Sometimes, magic isn\u8217\'92t something you can bend to fit into a neat little box, no matter how much you try."}
\par\plain {Eddie, a little taken aback by the implications of Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words, tried to keep his tone light. "I guess that\u8217\'92s the part I\u8217\'92m struggling with. I don\u8217\'92t know if I\u8217\'92m built for her way of learning."}
\par\plain {Walther raised an eyebrow, setting his mug down on the table with a soft clink. "You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re a first year, Eddie. You\u8217\'92ve got time to figure it out. Besides," he said with a small, almost imperceptible smile, "Madeleine seems to think you\u8217\'92ve got potential."}
\par\plain {Walther leaned back slightly, the flickering candlelight casting shadows across his face. His voice took on a slow, almost nostalgic quality, as if recounting a well-known tale he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard many times before. "Are you familiar with the history of Edenfield\u8217\'92s monarchy?" he asked, his tone casual but with a glint of curiosity behind his words.}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked, taken slightly off guard. "Not really," he admitted, shifting in his seat. "I never really read much about the city's history itself. I was just more focused on the university and, you know, getting in." He shrugged, feeling a little sheepish.}
\par\plain {Walther nodded, as if that answer made sense. He had probably assumed as much. "Fair enough," he said, then leaned in a bit, his fingers lightly tracing the rim of his mug. "Well, let me give you a bit of background. The Edenfield monarchy goes way back. In fact, their lineage stretches all the way back to the time of the Great Mages War. The royal family were descendants of powerful paladins, warriors who fought to protect the realm during that brutal conflict."}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow furrowed slightly as he listened, intrigued despite himself. Walther\u8217\'92s tone was a bit too casual, almost as if he were setting the stage for something important. "They were a powerful family," Walther continued, "and after the war, they settled here in Edenfield. At first, they provided protection for the fledgling academy. Over time, the city grew, and their role evolved. Eventually, they were entrusted with the rule of Edenfield itself."}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded along, absorbing the history, but still unsure of where this conversation was heading. Walther seemed to savor the next part of the story. "It was about 17 years ago when things took a turn. The king\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was a bit of a traditionalist. Wanted to keep magic tightly controlled, tightly regulated. But the people of Edenfield had other ideas. The academy, the founders\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 ideals... they all pointed to magic being free. Unregulated. The king and the people didn\u8217\'92t see eye to eye on that. And as you can imagine, that caused some tension."}
\par\plain {Walther paused for a moment, letting the weight of the words settle in the air. Eddie, sensing the change in tone, leaned forward slightly, intrigued but still uncertain. "What happened?" he asked, his curiosity piqued.}
\par\plain {"Regicide," Walther said simply, his voice low. "A group of assassins, hired by those who opposed the king\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stance, struck during the night. The palace was set ablaze, and the royal family was slaughtered. The king and queen died in the fire, but the twin princes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 well, they were never found. Their bodies were never recovered, and the entire royal lineage was wiped out in one fell swoop."}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, and he involuntarily glanced over at Henry, still snoring on the couch. He wasn\u8217\'92t sure why, but the idea of regicide\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 of a royal family wiped out in a single night\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 struck him deeply. "That sounds... grim," Eddie said quietly, almost to himself.}
\par\plain {Eddie leaned back in his chair, his fingers absently tracing the rim of his cup. He felt a strange weight pressing down on him, as if the conversation had shifted into a territory he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ready to explore. Walther\u8217\'92s story about the royal family, the fire, and the missing princes had stirred something deep within him, something he hadn\u8217\'92t really thought about in a long time.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think i\u8217\'92ve had nightmares about them,\u8221\'94 Eddie murmured, more to himself than to Walther. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve had them\u8230\'85 a lot. About that story you just told. The fire, the screams, the people in black hoods and cloaks. All carrying daggers, like they were coming for someone...\u8221\'94 He paused, feeling a chill creep up his spine as he recalled the vivid images from his dreams. \u8220\'93And for some reason, my aunt Catherine was there. But, I mean, it\u8217\'92s probably just because I think about her a lot. I don\u8217\'92t know why, it\u8217\'92s just a feeling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He swallowed, shaking his head as if to dismiss the thoughts. "But it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s nothing, really," Eddie added quickly, trying to brush the discomfort aside. "I used to read a lot of books when I was a kid. My older brother, Alfred, he\u8217\'92d take me to the library all the time. Horror books, mostly. I think it just got mixed up in my mind with all the weird stuff I used to read. So, I don\u8217\'92t know... it\u8217\'92s probably nothing."}
\par\plain {Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze sharpened, his expression unreadable as he sipped his chocolate, but his silence spoke volumes. The pause between them stretched, and Eddie suddenly became acutely aware of the tension in the air. Something about the way Walther was looking at him made Eddie feel\u8230\'85 exposed, as if he\u8217\'92d said more than he intended.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm,\u8221\'94 Walther hummed thoughtfully, his eyes narrowing slightly as he leaned forward. "That\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 interesting, Eddie. You\u8217\'92ve had those dreams more than once, right? About the fire, the people in cloaks... and your aunt Catherine."}
\par\plain {Eddie shifted uncomfortably in his chair, now regretting the words he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d let slip. "Yeah, a few times," he said, trying to keep his tone casual, though his voice wavered just a little. "But, like I said, it\u8217\'92s probably just my imagination running wild."}
\par\plain {Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips curled into a slow smile, but there was something unsettling about it. "Imagination, huh? Maybe. But it's strange, isn\u8217\'92t it? To dream of something so vivid. So detailed. And so connected to the things you just learned, right? Almost like your mind\u8217\'92s pulling from somewhere deeper. A subconscious connection, perhaps?" He let the question hang in the air, a subtle challenge in his voice.}
\par\plain {Eddie felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t used to being probed like this, especially not by someone like Walther, who had a way of making even casual questions feel loaded. "It\u8217\'92s just dreams," Eddie muttered, feeling a flicker of irritation. "Nothing to make a big deal out of."}
\par\plain {But Walther didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let up. "I don\u8217\'92t know, Eddie. You say it\u8217\'92s nothing, but then you mention Catherine. And the people in the hoods. You think that\u8217\'92s just random? Just some coincidence?"}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart skipped a beat, and he looked away, suddenly wishing he hadn\u8217\'92t said anything. "I don\u8217\'92t know," he repeated, his voice quieter now. "I told you, it\u8217\'92s probably just the books I used to read. And\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " He stopped himself, realizing how flimsy that excuse sounded.}
\par\plain {Walther pressed on, his voice dropping just low enough to sound almost conspiratorial. "I find it curious, Eddie. The whole thing. The dreams, the fire, the people with the daggers... all of it. It sounds like something more than just stories. Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t you think?"}
\par\plain {Eddie opened his mouth to respond, but no words came out. For the first time, he started to feel like maybe there }{\f0\fs24\i1 was}{ something more to his dreams, something that went beyond his childhood imagination. But he quickly shook the thought away, unwilling to entertain it.}
\par\plain {"Look, I really don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think it\u8217\'92s a big deal," Eddie said firmly, trying to steer the conversation away from the uncomfortable direction it was heading. "It\u8217\'92s probably just\u8230\'85 one of those things."}
\par\plain {Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips curled into a smile, but it didn\u8217\'92t reach his eyes. "Mhm. One of those things." His voice dropped a notch, barely audible, almost as if he were speaking to himself, but loud enough for Eddie to hear. "It\u8217\'92s funny, though, how some dreams are so }{\f0\fs24\i1 persistent}{. Almost like they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re trying to tell you something."}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach churned, and he quickly stood up, his chair scraping the floor with an unpleasant screech. "I really need to go," he said, his voice tight. He couldn\u8217\'92t explain why he was suddenly so eager to leave, but it felt like he needed to get away from Walther and the uncomfortable questions that seemed to burrow deeper with each passing second.}
\par\plain {Before Walther could respond, there was a sudden knock at the door, followed by a loud voice from the outside. Eddie froze, relief flooding through him as he heard Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s familiar call.}
\par\plain {"Eddie! Will!" she shouted, her voice clear and bright. "Come on! Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say you forgot we wanted to check the Edenfield fair tonight!"}
\par\plain {Eddie exhaled, an almost imperceptible sigh of relief escaping his lips. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Finally}{, something to break the tension. He quickly turned to the window, spotting Ashley standing outside, peering through the blinds with a mischievous grin on her face.}
\par\plain {Eddie hurried over to the door, not sparing another glance at Walther as he called out, "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m coming, just a sec!" He then turned to the second floor, raising his voice. "Will! Get ready! We\u8217\'92re heading out!"}
\par\plain {As Eddie rushed to get his things together, he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t notice the way Walther\u8217\'92s eyes had darkened. The moment of discomfort was gone, replaced by a quiet stillness. Walther\u8217\'92s thoughts were far away, lost in the maze of things he had just learned. The pieces were beginning to fall into place, and a slow smile stretched across his face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one that was colder than before.}
\par\plain {He remained seated at the table, his gaze fixed on the door long after Eddie had left the room, a sinister glint in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Something\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s ignited,}{ he thought, feeling a spark of something dark take hold. The realization had clicked, and Walther knew that Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s presence was no longer just a coincidence.}
\par\plain {It was much, much more. }}