{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 The warm scent of crushed herbs and dried roots filled the apothecary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mrs. Welton stood over the stovetop in her small corner kitchen, carefully stirring a simmering pot of golden liquid. The steam curled upward, laced with chamomile, turmeric, and a whisper of dried lavender. Her mortar and pestle sat nearby, still dusted with powdered ginger and licorice root.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 It was a quiet morning, just the way she liked it. Sunlight filtered through the gauzy curtains above the sink, painting soft rectangles on the tiled floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 She ladled the finished batch into small brown glass bottles, wiping each one clean before lining them up neatly on the wooden shelf beside the spice rack. The labels were handwritten\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cough & Cold Blend,\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Nerve Soother,\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Sleep Tonic\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and she hummed softly as she arranged them. A part of her took pride in this quiet routine. Always had.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Most of her real work was in prescriptions, of course\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 modern potions and compounds dispensed from Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Apothecary. But in the quiet hours, she still practiced the old ways, brewing traditional remedies for the neighbors who asked for them. Remedies that weren\u8217\'92t always scientific, but comforting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Once everything was cooled and sealed, she wiped her hands on her apron and stepped out into the dining area. The paper was folded on the table, waiting for her. She sank into the chair with a small sigh and reached for her tea, still steaming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 The news today was as dull as ever. Council debates. Rising fish prices. An article on some promising student from Canterbury who got into Cambridge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 The bell over the shop door chimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mrs. Welton looked up, setting the paper aside. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come in, love,\u8221\'94 she called warmly. \u8220\'93I just brewed a fresh batch if you\u8217\'92re here for the usual.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 A regular\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a young mother from down the road\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stepped in with a sheepish smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a lifesaver, Mrs. Welton. Jamie\u8217\'92s caught that awful cough again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mrs. Welton stood, already reaching for a bottle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say no more, dear. Let\u8217\'92s get him sorted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 And just like that, the rhythm of her day continued\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 quiet, steady, filled with warmth and herbs and small kindnesses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 The bell over the shop door chimed again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mrs. Welton glanced up from her paper, expecting another neighbor in search of remedies. It had been that kind of day\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 quiet, steady, interrupted only by the occasional customer with a sniffle or sleeplessness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 The bell rang again not long after, and again she rose, her movements practiced and unhurried. Another remedy here, a friendly chat there. Nothing out of the ordinary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 And then, at last, the bell rang a fourth time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 She looked up\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this time, pausing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 It was Eddie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 He stepped inside with an odd look about him. Tense shoulders. Fidgeting fingers. His satchel hung awkwardly from one arm. Something was off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mrs. Welton stood. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie? What\u8217\'92s wrong, love? And why didn\u8217\'92t you come through the back door?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I... I need to talk to you about something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 There was a pause. She noted the way he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t meeting her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All right,\u8221\'94 she said gently, stepping closer. \u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Eddie glanced around the shop, then lowered his voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you remember Edenfield University?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mrs. Welton blinked. Her brow creased. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I signed up for their scholarship intake,\u8221\'94 he said, half-defensive, half-uncertain. \u8220\'93Since you were an alum, I was hoping you could tell me something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 anything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 about it. There\u8217\'92s no record online. Nothing in the public library. It\u8217\'92s like it doesn\u8217\'92t exist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 For a second, Mrs. Welton didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Then her eyes widened\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just slightly. Her expression changed, not to surprise exactly, but recognition. And something else beneath it. A quiet seriousness Eddie had never seen in her before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 She walked briskly toward the shopfront.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Eddie watched as she flipped the wooden sign hanging in the front window from }{\f1\fs24\i1 Open}{\f0\fs24  to }{\f1\fs24\i1 Closed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 She turned the bolt on the door, then looked back at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All right,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Sit down. We\u8217\'92re going to talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 The clink of ceramic cups was the only sound in the room for a while.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 They sat at the small dining table tucked behind the storefront, the lights dimmed low as the late morning sun filtered through the drawn curtains. Mrs. Welton poured two cups\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s usual lavender blend, pale and fragrant; her own chamomile, warm and golden.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Eddie sat quietly, hands wrapped around his mug, watching the steam curl toward the ceiling. He could hear the faint ticking of the old clock on the wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Eddie hesitated for a moment, then asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait\u8230\'85 did you study literature there? At Edenfield?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mrs. Welton let out a breathy laugh, more amused than surprised. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no. I told you that to keep things simple. Edenfield doesn\u8217\'92t even have a literature program.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Eddie furrowed his brow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then\u8230\'85 what did you study?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 She looked at him with a quiet, amused glint in her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something more... unorthodox.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 There was a pause as she picked up her tea, then set it back down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say\u8230\'85 Eddie,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone shifting, soft and deliberate. \u8220\'93Do you believe in magic?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Eddie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 His answer came out quickly, reflexively. The kind of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93no\u8221\'94 built from science textbooks, exams, and a life surrounded by machinery and practical knowledge. He looked at her as if expecting the punchline to a joke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 But she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t laugh. Instead, she reached into the pocket of her skirt and pulled out something long and thin, wrapped in a handkerchief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 She unwrapped it carefully, reverently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 It was a wand. A smooth, dark piece of wood, carved with small symbols along its length\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 symbols that seemed to shimmer faintly in the dim kitchen light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Eddie leaned forward. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8230\'85 is that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mrs. Welton didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer right away. She reached forward, her hand steady as ever, and pointed her wand toward the sugar jar sitting across the room on the kitchen counter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Then, she whispered something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 soft and strange, like a language Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t place. The air around the wand seemed to hum, just for a second.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 In the blink of an eye, the sugar jar vanished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Eddie straightened, startled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Before he could finish, the jar reappeared right in front of them on the table, perfectly intact, as though it had always been there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth opened slightly. He hadn\u8217\'92t seen it move. Hadn\u8217\'92t seen }{\f1\fs24\i1 anything}{\f0\fs24  move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 It just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 Mrs. Welton watched him with quiet amusement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That,\u8221\'94 she said, \u8220\'93is what I truly studied in my younger years.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 She tapped her wand gently against the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Illusions,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93A branch of magic, taught at the Edenfield University of Applied Magical Knowledge.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So umm\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he began, his voice uncertain, \u8220\'93What is Edenfield, anyway? Where is it exactly?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer at first. She stared into her tea for a long moment, then set the cup down gently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 hard to explain,\u8221\'94 she said at last. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not in any place we know of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that supposed to mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She gave him a look. The kind she used to give him as a child when he asked about things that couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be found in books. \u8220\'93I mean it exactly as I said it. It\u8217\'92s not on any map you\u8217\'92ll find in the library. Or online. Or on Earth as most know it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie frowned, trying to decipher if this was another one of her metaphors. She always had a way of speaking like an old storybook\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 full of riddles and wrapped meanings. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d always chalked it up to her being a literature major, quoting obscure poets or dramatists.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shifted uncomfortably in his seat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She leaned back, folding her hands. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Somewhere in the Pacific Ocean\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 somewhere between Australia and South America\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there used to be a continent. A massive landmass. It\u8217\'92s not on any map now, because it sank. Long ago. During an event scholars once called the Shifting. An earthquake, or something like it. The continent is gone now. Submerged.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8230\'85 continent?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked slowly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked him in the eye. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Greater Archaean Archipelago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stared at her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why are you telling me this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She sipped her tea before answering. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because that\u8217\'92s where Edenfield is. Or was. Or\u8230\'85 still is, in a way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That makes no sense.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 she agreed softly. \u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t. That\u8217\'92s the thing. Edenfield doesn\u8217\'92t exist because it isn\u8217\'92t supposed to. But it does. Somehow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air in the room felt heavier. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind spun with the impossibility of it. He looked down at his tea. At the steam rising and fading into nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But then\u8230\'85 how did you get there?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton only smiled, eyes distant. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That, Eddie, is a story of its own. You\u8217\'92re not ready for that yet.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}