{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The school gates cast long shadows across the bicycle racks as Haruki wheeled her bike out, the chain clicking softly in time with her steps. Aiko and Akihito fell into stride beside her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Aiko bouncing on her toes with barely-contained curiosity, Akihito adjusting his glasses with his usual calm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki hummed a tuneless melody, her lips curled into a smirk that made Aiko narrow her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So?" Aiko prodded, swinging her bag like a pendulum. "What did Mrs. Matsuoka want? Career Plan interrogation? Tomorrow's plein air logistics? Or just her usual lavender tea torture session?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki's smirk widened. She brought a finger to her lips. "S.e.c.r.e.t." She drew out each letter, popping the 't' with relish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko's bag hit the pavement with a thud. "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Haruki.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 " She planted herself in front of the bike, blocking their path. "As your vice-president\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no, as your\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 friend}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I demand full disclosure!" She jabbed a finger at Akihito. "And he does too, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Akihito sighed, though the corner of his mouth twitched. "I'm merely here to ensure you two don't cause a scene."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki laughed, the sound bright against the quiet hum of cicadas. Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 with a sudden burst of energy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she kicked off on her bike, sailing past Aiko in a blur of motion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Hey!" Aiko scrambled after her, sandals slapping against the pavement. Akihito followed at a more dignified pace, though his long strides kept him close.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki skidded to a stop a few meters ahead, the evening sun setting her dark curls ablaze. She leaned forward, her hair tumbling like a cascade of ink as she grinned back at them. The golden light outlined her silhouette, painting the edges of her uniform in fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I know what to put in my Career Plans paper," she announced, voice brimming with a confidence that hadn't been there an hour ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aiko froze mid-step. Even Akihito's eyebrows lifted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki didn't wait for their reaction. With a final, triumphant laugh, she pushed off again, her bike cutting through the sunset-drenched path like an arrow released from a bow. Behind her, Aiko's indignant screech echoed across the schoolyard\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Haruki Fujiyama, you get back here right now!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sky was a deep shade of purple, streaked with the last remnants of orange as the sun dipped below the horizon. Haruki pedaled her bicycle alongside Aiko and Akihito, the cool evening air brushing against her face. The streets were quiet, save for the occasional hum of a passing car or the distant laughter of children playing in a nearby park. Their conversation drifted between idle chatter and the lingering weight of their discussion in the art room, though none of them spoke about Matsuda again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eventually, they reached the point where their paths diverged. Aiko stretched her arms above her head before turning down her street. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See you tomorrow, Haruki-chan! Don\u8217\'92t forget to submit that paper!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki laughed lightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I won\u8217\'92t! See you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Aiko disappeared around the corner, Haruki turned her bike toward her own street.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The last streaks of sunset bled into twilight as Haruki and Akihito pedaled along the narrow road flanked by rice fields. The evening air carried the damp earthiness of irrigated soil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki tilted her face into the wind, letting its breeze blow through her short, curly hair. Beside her, Akihito rode with his usual quiet precision\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hands at ten-and-two, posture straight as a ruler. The only sound between them was the steady click-click of their gears and the occasional plop of a frog leaping into the paddies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They rode on. The road curved gently, revealing the first scattered lights of the neighborhood ahead. Somewhere beyond the fields, a train whistle sounded\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 low and mournful, the evening express heading north.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers tightened on her grips. The Career Plan form seemed to burn in her bag, heavier than all her art supplies combined. She opened her mouth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to say what, she wasn\u8217\'92t sure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but the moment passed.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Akihito slowed as they reached the fork where their paths split. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ask about the paper. Didn\u8217\'92t need to. The look he gave her was enough\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 patient, knowing, infuriatingly observant as always.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki grinned and kicked off again before he could speak. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t work too hard tonight, secretary!\u8221\'94}{\line }{\f0\fs24\b0 The wind rushed past her ears, nearly drowning out Akihito's sudden call\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Haruki\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 wait."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her bicycle screeched to a halt, the front wheel wobbling. She turned, eyebrows raised. Akihito stood frozen at the fork in the road, his silhouette rigid against the amber glow of a newly lit streetlamp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "You're not... thinking of doing what I think you are doing, are you?" His voice was uncharacteristically tight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki blinked. "Huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "You're thinking of putting art school on your Career Plan, aren't you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A moth fluttered violently around the streetlamp above them. Haruki's grip on the handlebars loosened. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Well, umm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " She laughed, scratching the back of her neck where her curls stuck to her skin. "It was just... a random thought, y'know?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Akihito exhaled through his nose. For once, his usual composure cracked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Look," he finally said, stepping closer. The gravel crunched under his shoes. "You're a great artist. No one's denying that." He hesitated, then lowered his voice, though the empty fields left no one to overhear. "But..."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "What I'm worried about," he murmured, "is your father."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki's bicycle creaked as she shifted her weight. The streetlamp above them buzzed softly, casting jagged shadows across Akihito's usually composed face. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "What about my father?" Haruki asked, her voice lighter than she felt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Don't be reckless." He adjusted his glasses\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a nervous habit Haruki hadn't seen since their first-year exams. "My father was friends with yours in high school. Worked with him for a time too."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "He's not..." Akihito hesitated, choosing his words like one might handle brittle charcoal. "My father always said yours is... a dangerous man to cross." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Somewhere in the rice fields, water trickled between the paddies. The sound seemed too loud in the sudden silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki forced a laugh. "Oh come on, he's just strict\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Remember when you sprained your wrist last spring?" His voice dropped lower. "The way you panicked when we asked if your parents should pick you up from the clinic? Or how you always change the subject when Aiko asks about your house?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Akihito sighed, his shoulders slumping. "Just... talk to your mother first, alright?" He met her eyes, and for once, his gaze wasn't analytical\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was frightened. "You're as talented as you are impulsive. And I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " He swallowed. "}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 We}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~can't lose our president again."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The distant laughter of children from the park floated across the fields, jarringly bright against the heavy quiet between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For a moment, Akihito\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s usual composure cracked\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just enough for Haruki to see the raw worry beneath. The streetlamp\u8217\'92s harsh light bounced off his glasses, obscuring his eyes at first, but as he turned his head slightly, the glare shifted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 What she saw there made her breath catch: his brows were furrowed, his lips pressed into a thin line. Not judgment, not his usual dry exasperation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just genuine, unfiltered concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest tightened. Then, with practiced ease, she forced a grin and swung her fist lightly at his arm.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Thump.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Ow," Akihito deadpanned, not even flinching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Just relax," Haruki said, her voice deliberately bright. She spun her bike\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s front wheel with her free hand, the spokes clicking like a metronome. "I can always manage. The faster I get the papers done, the less time Mrs. Matsuoka will take to review them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " She wiggled her eyebrows. "\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and the more time she\u8217\'92ll have to join our plein air sessions, right?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The streetlamp above them buzzed, its orange glow catching the dust motes swirling between them. Akihito didn't smile, but something in his posture softened - just slightly - at her stubborn optimism.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Before he could respond, Haruki swung her bike around with a scrape of tires against pavement. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "See you tomorrow, worrywart!" she called over her shoulder, already pushing off. One hand lifted in a wave without looking back, her dark curls bouncing with each pedal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Akihito remained standing at the intersection, his shadow stretching long and thin across the empty road. He watched until Haruki's figure grew small in the distance, the rhythmic blink of her bicycle reflector fading like a dying firefly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Only then did he turn toward his own path, the sound of his footsteps drowned out by the evening chorus of crickets. The two of them moving further apart with each passing second - one bathed in the warm yellow light of house windows, the other disappearing into the blue-hued twilight.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}