{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tension exploded into action as the battle ensued in the narrow hallway, echoing with the swift movement of bodies and the crackling of magic. The tallest figure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 still a looming, silent presence\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stepped back, seemingly content to watch as the rest of the hooded figures moved into action. The air grew thick with anticipation as Walther and the female figure lunged forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther was quick, his motions controlled and efficient. With a barely noticeable flick of his hand, he muttered an incantation under his breath. The magic surged from him, cutting through the air with an almost imperceptible hum. Sharp, razor-edged wind slashed toward Eddie, Will, and Ashley. It was a cutting spell\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 swift and silent, intended to carve through flesh and bone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will, however, reacted just as fast. His electric guitar was still slung across his back, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to reach for it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his fingers danced across the neck, strumming a quick, powerful chord that resonated with magic. A shimmering barrier of vibrant energy flared to life in front of them, humming as it absorbed the slicing wind. The spell collided with the barrier, and though the force of it shook Will, the shield held firm, scattering the sharp edges harmlessly to the sides.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The female figure wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t as interested in magic, but her weapon was no less dangerous. She lunged at Ashley, a dagger gleaming in the dim light, aiming for a lethal strike. Ashley faltered, just for a second, her instincts thrown off guard by the speed of the attack. But that moment was enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before the dagger could reach her, Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand shot out, instinctively reaching for the knowledge he had spent months mastering. He whispered a quick incantation, his mind focused on a simple but effective alchemical solution. A burst of compressed air shot from his hand, a blast of force that sent the female figure stumbling back, her balance disrupted. The dagger slipped from her grasp, clattering to the ground with a sharp, metallic ring. She skidded a few feet away, momentarily thrown off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The hallway was now alive with a low hum of magic and tension, their every move a dance of attack and defense. Eddie, Will, and Ashley stood together, their backs against the wall, adrenaline surging through their veins. Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flicked toward them, his expression unreadable behind the hood, but the glint of determination in his gaze was unmistakable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The silence that followed was thick, almost suffocating, broken only by the faint hum of magic crackling in the air and the soft thrum of their hearts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The female figure recovered quickly, her eyes narrowing as she scanned Ashley, then Eddie. She moved with purpose, her movements predatory, ready to strike again. Walther, too, was poised, his stance calm, yet dangerous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie felt his heart hammering in his chest, every instinct screaming at him to keep fighting, to protect his friends. But he also knew this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just about magic or strength. It was about survival. And right now, he and his friends had to outwit these attackers, or they wouldn\u8217\'92t make it through the night.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie took a deep breath, focusing on the compressed air still swirling around his mind, ready to use it again if needed. Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers twitched, preparing another defensive spell. And Ashley, though her breath was shallow from the near miss with the dagger, stood tall, ready to support her friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fight was escalating quickly. The female figure lunged again, her movements swift and predatory, a blur of motion as she aimed for Ashley with the dagger. Walther, too, was relentless. His hands wove through the air as he cast more cutting spells, his intent to bring them down with precision. The air was thick with magic, crackling with every arcane surge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s electric guitar thrummed with power, its enchanted resonance holding the line, keeping Eddie and Ashley protected behind a shimmering barrier. The shield pulsed with each strike, but the pressure was mounting. The attacks were relentless, and the air was thick with tension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind was working quickly. His eyes darted around, calculating. And then, he saw it: the window beside the female figure, offering him an opportunity. Without missing a beat, he barked at Ashley, \u8220\'93Open the window!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley hesitated only for a moment before she dashed forward, her staff raised. She thrust it toward the window, and with a sharp incantation, the window flung open with a creak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t waste a second. He focused, drawing on the power of alchemy, and with a quick motion, he transmuted the rain above into sharp ice. A storm of razor-sharp icicles formed in an instant, floating in the air like deadly projectiles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now!\u8221\'94 Eddie shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley raised her staff, concentrating. With a fluid motion, she directed the ice into a concentrated barrage, launching the jagged icicles with pinpoint accuracy. They whizzed through the air like a storm of frozen bullets, striking the female figure and Walther in rapid succession. Each hit was sharp and precise, piercing through their cloaks and striking with brutal force.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther staggered back, a pained grunt escaping his lips as ice pierced through his shoulder and leg. The female figure wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t any luckier, an icicle embedding itself deep into her side. She gasped, her breath turning to mist in the cold air, and staggered to her knees, clutching her wound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The hall was silent for a moment, save for the soft hiss of rain outside. The three of them stood in the aftermath of the storm, adrenaline coursing through their veins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the tallest figure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 still standing, unfazed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 smiled coldly. He stepped forward, his posture as calm and controlled as before. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Impressive,\u8221\'94 he said in a low, measured tone. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve defeated both of my disciples.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie, Will, and Ashley stood together, their hands tight around their weapons, ready to face whatever came next. Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s guitar still hummed with protective magic, his stance steady. Ashley\u8217\'92s staff was raised, her expression focused. Eddie, his wand gripped tightly, felt the weight of the moment settle over him. This was the final test\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the last obstacle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tall figure\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze flicked between the three of them, and though his smile remained, it was as cold and calculating as ever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But there was no going back now. They had already crossed the line. Eddie took a breath and squared his shoulders, ready for whatever this mysterious figure would throw at them next.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The final confrontation was at hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tallest figure stepped forward, his calm demeanor shifting into something far more dangerous. His cold smile grew wider, more predatory, as he lifted one hand, fingers splayed like the claws of a beast. The air around them grew still, as if even the world itself was holding its breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Enough games,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice a low rumble that echoed in the hall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a snap of his fingers, the very air crackled with energy. Eddie, Will, and Ashley felt a strange charge in the air, a tingling sensation that prickled their skin like static before it became something far worse. The tall figure\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm snapped forward, and in an instant, a massive bolt of pure, concentrated thunder shot from his outstretched hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sound was deafening, a crack that split the air like a thunderclap at point-blank range. The blast hit them all at once, a violent surge of energy that felt as if it could tear them apart. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body was lifted off the ground as the bolt coursed through him, searing his flesh, burning him from the inside out. He felt the electricity tear through his muscles, a sharp, painful convulsion before his entire body went limp, his muscles locking up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will screamed as the lightning struck him, the electric current coursing through his body, burning the skin on his arms and chest. His guitar rang out with an eerie, discordant note before the protective barrier around them flickered and shattered, the shielding magic overwhelmed by the sheer force of the attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley cried out, her staff slipping from her fingers as the lightning hit her squarely in the chest. Her body spasmed violently, and she was thrown backward, crashing against the wall with a sickening thud. Her vision blurred as the current ravaged her, and she struggled to breathe, her limbs twitching from the residual power coursing through her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The force of the thunderclap left them all reeling, unable to stand, unable to move. Their bodies were singed and burned, the air thick with the smell of charred flesh and ozone. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vision swam in and out of focus as he tried to steady himself, but the pain was overwhelming. He could barely hold onto consciousness as the world around him spun.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was barely a whisper, hoarse and strained. \u8220\'93Eddie... Ashley...\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But his words were lost in the deafening roar of his own thoughts. His body felt like it was on fire, the burning heat of the thunderclap gnawing at his nerves. The pain, the shock, the exhaustion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they were too much. His eyelids grew heavy, his head lolling forward as darkness encroached at the edges of his vision.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley lay slumped against the wall, her breathing ragged, her eyes fluttering closed. She tried to reach for her staff, but the strength simply wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t there. Her body refused to obey her mind, her limbs limp and heavy. The storm of pain was too much for her to bear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand twitched as he tried to raise his wand, but it fell from his grip, the world around him growing dim. The tall figure loomed over them, his face still calm, his eyes cold as he watched their suffering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You thought you could fight this,\u8221\'94 the figure said, his voice a whisper, almost bored. \u8220\'93You were never meant to win.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The three of them were on the ground, their bodies barely able to respond, their minds fogging as the darkness took hold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a moment, it seemed as though the world had ended, leaving only the cold silence of the tall figure\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s victory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then, just as the last of Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s consciousness slipped away, a faint whisper of hope reached him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a faraway voice, a spark in the dark, calling out. But it was too late.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everything went black.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The world around Eddie was a haze of smoke, fire, and pain. Every breath felt like it came from a distance, as if his body were no longer his own. The sharp scent of burnt flesh still clung to the air, the echo of the tall figure\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s thunder spell lingering in the space like the last reverberation of a storm. Eddie\u8217\'92s eyelids flickered, too heavy to stay open, but he fought the darkness, the pull of unconsciousness, trying to claw his way back into the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could barely focus, but through the haze, he saw movement. A figure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Madeleine. Her door had opened, the light from her apartment spilling into the hallway. She stepped out, concern written across her face as she saw the chaos unfolding around her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie? What\u8217\'92s going on? Are you alright\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her voice was cut off before she could finish. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart lurched as the tall figure, his movements as fluid as death itself, raised his wand in a swift, practiced motion. With a flick of his wrist, a spell shot forward, and Madeleine collapsed instantly, her body going limp in the air before she crumpled into the arms of the tall figure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind screamed, but his body refused to respond. His vision was spinning, the world around him distorted. He tried to call out her name, but his voice was weak, barely a rasp. The ground beneath him felt far too distant, like he was sinking into the abyss. But, somehow, he caught a glimpse of the tall figure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was carrying Madeleine\u8217\'92s unconscious body.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sounds of the world were muffled, distorted by the roar of blood in Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ears. Walther and the female figure were standing nearby, seemingly healed, their wounds from the earlier fight no longer visible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do we take the boy too?\u8221\'94 the female figure asked, her voice colder than the night air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart skipped a beat. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The boy?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leave him,\u8221\'94 Walther spat, his voice dripping with venom. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92ll come for her. Let Lord Raven see the boy\u8217\'92s power himself. He will be pleased.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The tall figure\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile was unsettling as he nodded, his eyes cold, detached. \u8220\'93Very well. Let\u8217\'92s get going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart was hammering in his chest, his thoughts a blur of panic and rage. He couldn\u8217\'92t let them take Madeleine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he couldn\u8217\'92t let them get away with this. Fighting against his body, which felt like lead, Eddie tried to push himself up. Every movement was a struggle, his limbs shaking, his head spinning, but he wouldn\u8217\'92t give up. He couldn\u8217\'92t. He had to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Madeleine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With what little strength he had left, Eddie crawled toward them, dragging himself inch by inch across the floor. His vision was swimming, but he could see the tall figure turning to leave, Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body limp in his arms. His breath came in ragged gasps as he called out her name, his voice raw with desperation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine\u8230\'85!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His fingers scraped the floor as he reached out, trying to grab hold of anything that might stop them. He could hear his own voice, cracking with fury as he cursed Walther, the traitor, for what he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d done.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You fucking traitor Walther! You\u8217\'92ll pay for this!\u8221\'94 Eddie screamed once more}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flicked toward him, and in an instant, his expression turned to one of cold amusement. He stepped forward, his eyes narrowing as he raised his hand. \u8220\'93Enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a quick movement, Walther delivered a swift blow to the back of Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head. The force was enough to send Eddie crashing back to the ground, the world going black once more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The last thing he heard before he lost consciousness again was Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice, distant and mocking, \u8220\'93Sleep well, Welton. You\u8217\'92ve made things far more interesting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then, there was nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vision was blurred, the world around him a hazy swirl of faces and shadows. He could feel the cool touch of hands trying to steady him, voices murmuring in concern, but he couldn't focus on any of it. The voices were distant, like they were coming from a faraway place, and none of them mattered. Not now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His body was broken, his mind foggy with pain, but all that consumed him was one thought: }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Madeleine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was still out there. They had taken her. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 They\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve taken her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He limped forward, ignoring the concerned whispers of the butlers and tenants around him. People tried to stop him, to offer help, but he pushed them away, his limbs moving on their own. He bumped into walls, the cold stone scraping against his skin, but he barely registered the impact. His only focus was the path ahead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the hall, the door, the streets beyond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care about the others, even as Will and Ashley began to stir, groaning in pain behind him. He couldn\u8217\'92t afford to look back. He couldn\u8217\'92t let them distract him. All that mattered was getting to her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His pace quickened, the cobblestones beneath his boots slick with rain, but he barely noticed. The cold rain was soaking through his clothes, but it did nothing to slow him down. His heart was hammering in his chest, his breath ragged. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think straight. His mind was clouded with panic, with fear for Madeleine. The pain of his body\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 of the burns and the exhaustion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was secondary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, Eddie reached the front of the apartment complex, his eyes scanning the street. The world was wet, dark, the rain falling in sheets, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop himself. He searched desperately, frantic, his gaze darting from one corner to the next.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then, through the downpour, he saw it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An enclosed truck, parked just ahead. The back door was barely open, but even through the rain, Eddie caught a glimpse of something he recognized\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a flash of red hair. His heart skipped a beat.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Madeleine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without thinking, he pushed forward, his legs aching, burning with every step. The truck began to move, slowly at first, but then it picked up speed, the wheels turning in the rain-soaked streets. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath came in ragged gasps as he sprinted after it, the world around him blurring with every step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fast enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The truck was pulling away, the distance growing between them. Eddie's legs felt like they were made of lead, his body screaming in pain, but still he ran. He pushed himself harder, ignoring the exhaustion, the burning in his chest, the searing pain in his limbs. But no matter how fast he ran, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t close the gap. The truck was too far ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His feet slipped on the wet cobblestones, his body crashing to the ground with a sickening thud. The impact jarred through his skull, and for a moment, everything went dark. But then he could feel the cold rain, hear the distant rumble of thunder, and the truck continued to pull away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His breath hitched, and tears, cold from the rain, mixed with the salt of his own. Eddie's heart shattered as he realized the truth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s legs buckled beneath him, his body too exhausted to keep going. His feet, slick with the rain, slid out from under him. His breath hitched painfully in his chest as he crashed to the cold cobblestones, the hard impact rattling his skull. He barely felt it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the pain in his body, the cuts and burns from the earlier battle, seemed distant, muted. All he could feel, all he could think about, was the crushing weight of failure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His hand scraped the wet stone, desperate to push himself up, to keep going, but his fingers felt like they were made of glass. His muscles screamed in protest, his body soaked in cold rain and searing pain, but it was nothing compared to the pain inside. His mind was on fire, the helplessness gnawing at him like a wild beast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The truck was moving farther away, and Madeleine was still inside. She was gone. They had taken her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath came in ragged, broken gasps, his chest tight with panic. He tried to scream, to call her name, but the words wouldn\u8217\'92t come. His throat was raw, the tears stinging his eyes mixing with the cold rain that fell relentlessly, as if the world itself was punishing him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His legs twitched, his hands trembling violently as he tried to push himself up again, but his body refused to obey. His vision blurred, not from the rain or the dizziness, but from the overwhelming, suffocating grief that twisted and tore through him. The truck, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 her}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , the one person he promised to protect\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he had failed her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His mind spiraled, each thought a jagged shard of self-loathing, each heartbeat a reminder of his failure. He slammed his fist against the ground, the wet stone slick and unforgiving beneath him. The feeling of helplessness spread like poison through his veins. His chest caved in with the weight of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He felt the tears fall\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hot, bitter. They mixed with the rain, lost in the downpour, but they were there. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop them. His breath broke in sobs, ragged and broken, his whole body shaking with the force of his anguish. The world around him felt impossibly large, cold, and empty, and he was so small. So helpless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had failed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The truck was gone now. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Madeleine}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  was gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And Eddie, soaked to the bone, trembling in the rain, felt the last of his strength slip away. His body gave in, collapsing against the stones as his sobs turned into quiet, helpless breaths. The cold of the world seeped into him, and in that moment, Eddie felt as though everything had gone dark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rain fell in sheets, an endless, mournful downpour, as Eddie lay there on the cobblestones, his body shaking with every sob, every breath ragged and broken. He barely noticed the figure approaching through the rain, the rhythmic tapping of her boots soft against the harsh sounds of the storm. The umbrella above her kept her dry, but the rest of her was almost ghostly, her figure shadowed and cloaked, the black fabric of her cloak hiding her face, making her seem distant, a part of the rain itself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stopped just in front of Eddie, and for a moment, all he could hear was the sound of the storm and his own desperate gasps. The umbrella\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s edge hovered just above his head, and he felt a warmth he didn\u8217\'92t expect. It was like the air around her had shifted, and for the first time in what felt like forever, he was no longer alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You need help," the lady\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice was soft, but insistent, carrying through the heavy rain. It wasn\u8217\'92t commanding, but it felt like a lifeline, one that Eddie, in his disoriented state, wanted nothing to do with. He didn\u8217\'92t care about help. He didn\u8217\'92t care about anything. Not right now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I said leave me alone!" Eddie growled, his voice hoarse and bitter, still struggling to keep himself from falling apart completely. He pushed himself away from her, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have the strength to rise. His eyes were bloodshot, red from crying, and when they met hers, they didn\u8217\'92t soften.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the lady didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t pull away. Instead, she stepped closer, kneeling down to be on his level. Her hand, gloved but warm, reached out, as if offering him something he didn\u8217\'92t know he needed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You don't understand," he spat, his throat burning with the weight of his words. "You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know shit about what\u8217\'92s going on, so just go away."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t back away. She took a step closer, tilting her umbrella to shield him from the rain. There was something in her eyes, something steady and unwavering. She wasn\u8217\'92t deterred. Instead, her voice took on a slightly amused, yet offended tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 How}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  could I not know you, Eddie Welton?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she asked, with a slight chuckle. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve known you since before you were born.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That stopped him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The words reached through the fog of his pain. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Before he was born?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked, his vision clouded with confusion and tears. He lifted his gaze to the woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face, trying to make sense of it all. The rain hit his face, stinging, but it couldn\u8217\'92t hide the fact that something in the woman\u8217\'92s posture was too familiar. There was a strange, almost imperceptible pull, like a thread tugging him back to his childhood, to memories he hadn\u8217\'92t realized he\u8217\'92d forgotten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She tilted her head slightly, and with a fluid motion, she pushed back the hood of her cloak, revealing sharp, pointed ears that gleamed in the dim light of the streetlamps. Her features\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 slightly angular, ethereal\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had the unmistakable sharpness of an Elf, and in that moment, everything fell into place. The unmistakable glint of recognition washed over Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face as his mind cleared, the pieces finally clicking into place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His heart, still pounding with the weight of his failure, stilled for a moment. His eyes widened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85Catherine?\u8221\'94 Eddie breathed, almost in disbelief. The name felt strange, but it was right. There was no mistaking her now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The woman smiled softly, the corners of her lips curling as she saw the shock on Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93Well, it\u8217\'92s about time you recognized me,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice warm, though still with that playful undertone. \u8220\'93I see the years haven\u8217\'92t exactly been kind to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head spun. Catherine\u8230\'85 \u8220\'93Catherine the Wanderer\u8221\'94, The Master Alchemist, who had }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 always}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  been just a distant name, a shadow in his family\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stories. She had always been so far away, so unreachable\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 until now}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . And yet here she was, standing in front of him, her red coat vivid against the gray, rain-slicked world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Catherine..." he repeated, the name tasting strange on his tongue, unsure if he was dreaming or if this was truly happening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Yes, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s me," she said with a slight smile, a warmth in her voice that he had almost forgotten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have the energy to say anything else. His emotions, already raw, surged once more as he looked up at her, his face a mask of disbelief and confusion. How could she be here? How could }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 she}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  be the one to find him, after everything he had just gone through?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Catherine simply reached out, gently placing her hand on his shoulder, offering him the kind of comfort he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t known he needed until now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Come with me, Eddie," she said softly, her voice like the calm in the eye of a storm. }}