{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how long she had slept. Time had lost its meaning in the quiet, rain-soaked darkness of the abandoned house. When she had collapsed on the floorboards the night before, all she had wanted was shelter from the cold and the rain. Now, as she slowly opened her eyes, she felt disoriented, her mind struggling to piece together where she was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She sat up, her body stiff and aching, and looked around. The first thing she noticed was that she was no longer wet. Her shirt, her skirt, her hair\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all of it was dry, as if the storm had never happened. She patted herself down, her fingers brushing against the fabric of her uniform, now clean and crisp, as though freshly laundered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t all. As her eyes adjusted to the dim light, she realized that the house itself had changed. Gone was the caved-in roof, the peeling paint, and the thick layers of moss and mold. The walls were smooth and clean, the wooden floorboards polished to a warm, golden sheen. The air no longer smelled of mildew and decay; instead, it carried the faint, comforting scent of cedar and tea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki got to her feet, her heart pounding in her chest. She turned in a slow circle, taking in the room around her. The windows, once cracked and grimy, now gleamed in the soft morning light. The furniture, which had been broken and covered in dust, was now whole and pristine, arranged neatly as if waiting for someone to return.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8230\'85?\u8221\'94 she whispered, her voice barely audible. She reached out to touch the wall, half-expecting her hand to pass through it, as if this were all some kind of dream. But the wood was solid beneath her fingers, cool and smooth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She stepped further into the house, her footsteps echoing softly on the floorboards. The hallway was lined with framed photographs, their faces blurred and indistinct, as if the memories they held had faded with time. The kitchen, which had been a mess of rusted appliances and broken cabinets, was now spotless, the counters gleaming and the stove polished to a mirror-like finish.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath quickened as she moved through the house, her mind racing. Was she dreaming? Had she hit her head and slipped into some kind of hallucination? Or was this\u8230\'85 something else entirely?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She stopped in the middle of the living room, her eyes drawn to a large mirror hanging on the wall. Her reflection stared back at her, wide-eyed and pale, but otherwise unchanged. She reached up to touch her face, half-expecting it to feel different, but it was still her. Still Haruki.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The realization grounded her, if only for a moment. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t dreaming. This was real. Or at least, it felt real.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her gaze shifted to the front door, the one she had stumbled through last night. She walked over to it, her footsteps echoing softly on the polished floorboards. The door was solid and heavy, its wood smooth and unblemished. She reached for the handle and turned it, expecting it to open easily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t budge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She frowned and tried again, this time with more force. The handle rattled, but the door remained firmly shut. She leaned her shoulder against it, pushing with all her strength, but it was no use. The door was locked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stepped back, her heart pounding. She glanced around the room, her eyes landing on the other door\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the one at the back of the house. It was smaller, less imposing, but it was there, a faint glimmer of hope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She crossed the room, her footsteps quickening as she approached the second door. This one was different, its frame painted a soft, inviting white. She hesitated for a moment, her hand hovering over the handle, before she turned it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This time, the door opened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A cool breeze brushed against her face as she stepped through the doorway, the air fresh and crisp. She found herself standing on a small porch, overlooking a garden that stretched out before her. The storm was gone, replaced by a clear, golden morning. The garden was lush and vibrant, filled with flowers in full bloom and trees heavy with fruit. A narrow path wound its way through the greenery, leading to a gate at the far end.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stared, her breath catching in her throat. This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t possible. The house had been abandoned, surrounded by a dense, overgrown forest. And yet, here she was, standing in a place that felt like it belonged in a dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She stepped down from the porch, her feet sinking into the soft grass. The air was filled with the scent of flowers and earth, and the sound of birdsong echoed in the distance. She walked along the path, her hand brushing against the petals of the flowers as she passed. The gate at the end of the path stood open, inviting her to step through.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki turned back to look at the house. It stood tall and proud, its windows gleaming in the sunlight. For a moment, she considered going back inside, but the thought of the locked front door stopped her. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stood at the edge of the garden, the gate creaking softly behind her as it swung shut. Before her stretched a narrow paved road, its surface smooth and unblemished, as if it had been freshly laid. She frowned, her mind racing. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t remember walking on a paved road last night. In fact, she was certain there had been nothing but dirt paths and overgrown trails leading to the abandoned house.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But here it was, undeniable and real, winding its way through the field of tall grass and disappearing into the distance. The road seemed to beckon her, its quiet stillness inviting her to follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki hesitated, glancing back at the house. It stood serene and unchanging, its windows reflecting the golden light of the morning. The garden behind her was just as still, the flowers and trees frozen in time, as if waiting for her to make a decision.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She turned back to the road, her heart pounding in her chest. There was something about it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something that pulled at her, urging her forward. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know where it led, but she knew she couldn\u8217\'92t stay here. Not when the house felt so strange, so otherworldly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Taking a deep breath, Haruki stepped onto the paved road. The surface was cool beneath her feet, the sound of her footsteps echoing softly in the quiet morning air. The tall grass swayed gently on either side of her, the breeze carrying the faint scent of earth and wildflowers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As she walked, the road began to curve, leading her further away from the house and the garden. The landscape around her shifted subtly, the fields giving way to clusters of trees and small, rolling hills. In the distance, she could see the outline of a town, its rooftops glowing in the sunlight.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}