{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The cabin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s twin doors loomed before Haruki, their weathered wood groaning as she pushed with all her weight. Still, they refused to budge\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not even a crack of light from the other side. A spider skittered away from her fingers, its web trembling between the doorframes like a bridge between worlds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "It still won\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t open,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Haruki whispered, pressing her forehead against the grain. The wood smelled of pine and something older, something that made her teeth ache with d\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9j\u224\'E0 vu.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Behind her, Matsuda snapped her suitcase shut with finality.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Of course not,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~she said, adjusting her wide-brimmed hat. Sunlight sliced through the cabin\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dusty windows, striping the floor between them.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "The task was never about making them}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 friends}{\f0\fs24\b0 *, Haruki-chan. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about forging a bond strong enough to*\~}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 create you}{\f0\fs24\b0 *."*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki turned. Matsuda\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s luggage was an artifact of another era\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a leather trunk plastered with peeling steamship stickers from Marseille, Naples, ports Haruki only knew from history books. A paint-stained smock peeked from the top.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Where are you going?"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Haruki asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda hefted the trunk with a grunt.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Kyoto. Some bureaucrat wants a mural of cherry blossoms in his office."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~She smirked.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Apparently my \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91melancholic style\u8217\'92 suits his midlife crisis."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The weight of those words settled over Haruki like dusk. Matsuda\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s luggage sat between them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a leather-bound confession of permanence. If Haruki succeeded, if those doors finally swung open to spit her back into her own time\u8230\'85 Matsuda would remain here. A woman out of era, her paintings the only proof she\u8217\'92d ever existed at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Will we meet again, Matsuda-senpai?"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The question slipped out before Haruki could stop it, thin and fragile as the spiderweb trembling between the doorframes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sunlight pooled at Matsuda\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s feet, gilding the dust motes that swirled around her. For a moment, she looked every bit the timeless artist\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the smock, the hat, the knowing curve of her smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I suppose we will,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~she said, adjusting her grip on the trunk.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "In the future. Fifty years later."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then she turned fully, her long hair\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 still ink-black despite the years she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lived in this past\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 cascading over one shoulder. The smile she offered Haruki then was softer at the edges, the kind reserved for shared secrets and goodbyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Though you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll be calling me Matsuda-obaachan then."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Before she could second-guess herself, Haruki hurled forward\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 crashing into Matsuda with enough force to make the older woman stumble back a step. Her fingers clutched at the rough fabric of Matsuda's smock, inhaling the familiar scents of oil paint and chamomile that clung to her like a second skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85," Matsuda murmured, but her arms came up anyway, one hand cradling the back of Haruki's head like she was something precious. Her paint-stained fingers tangled in Haruki's hair. "You'll make me miss my train."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I'll miss you," Haruki mumbled into her shoulder, her voice thick. The words vibrated against Matsuda's collarbone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda's chuckle rumbled through both of them. "Then make it worth waiting for." She pulled back just enough to cup Haruki's face, thumbs brushing away tears Haruki hadn't realized had fallen. Her dark eyes were fierce. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Keep your strength. Be strong. Keep painting and drawing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even when it feels impossible." A pause, then softer: "Especially then."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The afternoon light caught the silver streaks in Matsuda's otherwise black hair\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 proof of years spent in this wrong time. Haruki memorized the way it looked, like captured starlight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I wish\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " Haruki began, but Matsuda pressed a finger to her lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "No wishes. Only promises." Her mouth curved. "Become an artist you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve meant to be. That's all the goodbye I need."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When Matsuda finally stepped away, the space between them thrummed with unspoken words. The cabin door creaked in the breeze\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 an impatient reminder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stood rooted as Matsuda hoisted her trunk, the sunlight haloing her form. For one impossible moment, she looked both young and ancient all at once\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the girl who'd stepped through time, and the woman who'd learned to make peace with it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then she turned, her sandals crunching on the gravel path, and didn't look back.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}