{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The morning sun painted Edenfield's cobblestones gold, the same way it had on Eddie's first orientation day. Back then, he'd mistaken the clusters of posters for event notices - only later realizing the flowers and beer cans beneath them weren't decorations but offerings. Now he understood the truth in the wilted petals and melted candle wax.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His fingers left smudges on Madeleine's poster as he pressed it against a bulletin board. Nearby, a group of prospective students in crisp academy uniforms whispered behind their hands. One girl's eyes darted between Eddie's hollow expression and the missing poster, her smile fading into something uncertain. The contrast stung - their bright-eyed curiosity against his grim task.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Will worked silently beside him, their usual banter buried under the weight of paper and paste. Eddie watched his friend's hands smooth a poster's edges with uncharacteristic care, the motion too gentle for Will's usual brashness. Something about the sight made Eddie's throat tighten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Without a word, he drifted away from Will's steady presence. His feet carried him past the laughing academy students, past the bustling coffee cart where Madeleine always bought those too-sweet pastries, to the quiet corner where the missing were remembered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The shrine had grown since orientation week. Dozens of faces smiled from rain-warped posters, their edges curling like dying leaves. Eddie's hands didn't shake as he added Madeleine to their ranks. He lit three candles - one for each month they'd known her - and placed a raspberry danish beneath her photo. The jam filling glistened like fresh blood in the sunlight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When he returned to Will, the pastry's absence from his hands went unmentioned. They continued their work in silence, the shrine's candles flickering at their backs like distant watchfires}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The library bench's cold iron bit into Eddie's thighs as he stared at the half-empty glue pot. Dried paste crusted his fingernails - flecks of white like shattered porcelain against his skin. Around him, the campus hummed with ordinary life: a study group debating spell theory, first-years giggling over shared notes, the distant chime of the clocktower. None of them knew. None of them cared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His thumb brushed Madeleine's remaining poster. The paper remembered her better than he did now - that precise arch of her eyebrow when explaining his failures.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Your magic isn't broken,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~she'd said last winter, steam from her tea curling between them in the library's forbidden snacks corner.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "It's older than these textbooks. Older than the university's foundations."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Her fingertip had traced the strange sigils his spells left behind.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "The stones remember what the professors forgot."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A shadow fell across the posters. Red hair catching the sun like copper wire. The scent of cinnamon and ink - Madeleine always smelled like the library's restricted section after hours. A paper cup appeared in his vision, the university caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9's logo smudged where her thumb rested.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Oi mate, you there?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The cup wavered. Red darkened to dirty blond. The hand holding it bore Will's knuckle scar from last semester's bar fight. Madeleine's knowing smile fractured into Will's lopsided grin as Eddie blinked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Drink up." Will cracked open a beer can with his free hand, the hiss loud as spellwork in the quiet space between them. "You look like you've seen a ghost."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie took the proffered drink. The aluminum burned with cold where Will's fingers had been. "Yeah," he lied, the word sticking to his dry throat. "Thanks."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The poster's fluttering edges sounded like whispering voices as Madeleine's face tilted skyward. Eddie's fingers dented the beer can, the cold metal biting into his palm. Condensation dripped onto his trousers like tears he couldn't shed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I should've known." The words tore from somewhere raw beneath his ribs. "Months of sharing meals, of late-night study sessions..." His thumb rubbed at the can's tab, back and forth like a ward against evil. "How many times did he sit right there"\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he jerked his chin toward the empty bench beside them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "laughing at how stupid we were?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Will's hand closed around Eddie's forearm, calluses scraping against skin. "The best liars don't wear masks." His usual boisterous tone had been stripped down to something quieter, harder. "They wear smiles."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shook his head, unconvinced. "But I should have seen it. I was seeing him for months, for crying out loud! There were signs, little things that just didn't sit right. I ignored them. And now Madeleine..." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Ed, listen to me man." He said firmly. "You can't blame yourself for this. You ain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mind readers. Nobody expects you to see through people, it\u8217\'92s not your fault."}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A heavy silence descended upon them, broken only by the distant sounds of students hurrying to their evening classes. Finally, after a long moment, Will spoke again, her voice softer now, laced with a hint of curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You cared a lot about her, didn't you, Ed?" He asked, a knowing smile playing on her lips.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie met his gaze, a flicker of surprise crossing his features. He hesitated for a moment, then a small, genuine smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. "Yeah," he admitted sheepishly. "More than I ever admitted\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I guess."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The last of the sunlight bled out over the library's spires, painting Will's profile in alpine gold. He turned the empty beer can between his hands, the aluminum crunching like packed snow under boots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "You ever hear how I ended up at Edenfield?" His Isgardian accent thickened, vowels rounding like river stones. "Back in Frostford Vale up north, there was this girl. Worked at the mead hall\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I was still a blacksmith back then." A muscle jumped in his jaw. "Had about as much charm as a startled reindeer, so naturally I never\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The can collapsed in his grip with a sound like breaking ice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The wind carried the distant chime of the university clock. Will's fingers absently traced the scar on his knuckles\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the one Eddie now realized might've come from something more personal than a bar fight. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Next summer when I went home, she was wearing another man's ring." He turned to Eddie, the usual mischief gone from his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie studied his friend\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 really studied him. The way Will's shoulders braced against the memory like against a mountain wind. The faded scar across his knuckles from whatever brawl had followed that news. This wasn't just advice; it was a confession carved from permafrost.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Will nudged him with an elbow. "If she ever gets back," he said, jerking his chin toward Madeleine's fluttering poster, "You ring that girl before some other alchemy prick beats you to it, yeah?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Heat crawled up Eddie's neck. "Oh, shut up, Chester."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But Will was already grinning, the old mischief returning as he mimed holding a telephone. "Just sayin'. Your voice cracks less on calls than in person."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For the first time since the posters went up, Eddie laughed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a raw, startled sound that scared a flock of starlings from the library's eaves. Will released him with a final rough tousle of his hair.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As Eddie and Will sat onto a bench outside the library, the weight of their shared sorrow momentarily lifted by the simple act of companionship}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Ed!\u8221\'94 Ashley shouted from the distant lawn, her voice is distant and he looked so small from across the lawn,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she closes the distance Ashley's footsteps echo against the pavement as she gets closer between them. Her arrival is unexpected but welcome, a ray of light piercing through the darkness of uncertainty.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie spotted Ashley first, her dark cloak fluttering like a battle standard as she crossed the quad. Then his stomach dropped. Two figures trailed behind her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one with perfectly coiled platinum braids, the other a hulking shadow. Even from this distance, Christine's prissy gait and Geralt's lumbering steps were unmistakable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Well shit," Will muttered, cracking his knuckles. "Thought we wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t deal with them again."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley took a moment to catch her breath, gratefully accepting the drink Will offered and sat next to her on the stairs. "I spoke with my advocacy group," she explained, downing a large gulp of the cool liquid. "I thnk I know how can we find Madeleine."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 "Let me guess," Eddie cut in, clapping slowly. "Brilliant plan, Ash. Truly inspired. But why in the nine hells are\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 they}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~here?" He jabbed a finger at Christine, who was examining her manicure with practiced boredom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Christine, here is\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93 But before Ashley could finish her sentence, she was cut off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Christine snapped her head up, eyes flashing. "Because unlike\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 some}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~people, I actually care about finding the missing." She thrust a poster at Eddie's chest\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a grinning dark-haired boy labeled\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Dominic Laverne: Last Seen Near South Gate}{\f0\fs24\b0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie's fingers crumpled the edges. He remembered Dominic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 quiet transfer student, always sketching in the library alcoves. The realization hit like a gut punch: this wasn't just about Madeleine anymore.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ashley stepped between them like a referee. "We need everyone who\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Still playing the hero, Ed?" Christine's laugh was all venom. "What, your little girlfriend\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie's chair screeched as he stood. "Finish that sentence, sorceress. I dare you."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 "ENOUGH!" }{\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley slammed her staff between them. }{\f0\fs24\b0 The oakwood hummed with residual magic. "Dominic. Madeleine. The twenty-three others on this list\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " She yanked a Campus Watch dossier from her bag, pages fluttering like wounded birds. "They're not coming home unless we work together."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Think about it," Ashley continued, her voice gaining strength. "There must be others who have put up missing person posters around campus other than us, people with contact information. We could reach out to them, offer them a chance to join forces. We wouldn't be an army of Royal Paladins, of course, but we will be driven by a common purpose \endash  to bring down the Black Hand and find the people they love."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie's jaw worked. Christine's perfect nails dug into Dominic's poster. The quad's chatter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 laughter, spell practice, someone playing a lute badly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 felt obscenely loud against their silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Finally, Christine smoothed her robes with exaggerated care. "My father's office has access to the citywide missing persons registry." She said it like granting a royal favor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Will snorted. "And what do\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~want, princess?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Same as you." Christine's gaze flicked to Dominic's photo, just for a heartbeat. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ashley's grin was all teeth. "Then we start calling every name in this file. Tonight."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The grudging nods took a lifetime. But when Christine turned away, Eddie caught the tremor in her hands\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the same one he'd been hiding since yesterday. Maybe hate could wait. For now.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}