{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The journey was filled with a mix of adventure, laughter, and a bit of chaos. As Henry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s custom car roared down the road, the landscape outside the windows shifted from the bustling city of Edenfield to the quieter, more rustic outskirts. Trees, fields, and small villages dotted the scenery, and each turn seemed to offer something new.}
\par\plain {Jane, sitting excitedly in the back seat, was the first to break the silence with her endless curiosity. She would often point out random sights along the way, her eyes lighting up whenever something piqued her interest.}
\par\plain {"Did you say you were there when the Elven Empire fell?" Jane asked, her eyes wide with excitement. "How did it happen?"}
\par\plain {Catherine, seemingly delighted to have such an eager audience, launched into an impromptu history lesson about the fall of the Empire, her voice animated and full of vivid details. Meanwhile, Henry, leaning against the car, sighed dramatically. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll never hear the end of it," he muttered to Eddie, who just shrugged in response.}
\par\plain {Back in the car, Catherine seemed oblivious to the time, her stories winding from one era to the next, each more fascinating than the last. The more she spoke, the more she seemed to lose track of their route.}
\par\plain {"You know, the old Elven cities along the coast were quite impressive. Have you ever heard of the city of Glyndorith? It was built into the cliffs, almost as if the mountains themselves were cradling it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 " she trailed off, her voice fading as she peered out the window at the passing scenery.}
\par\plain {Henry had been navigating carefully, following the roads with confidence, but he suddenly realized that they were no longer on the main highway. "Uh, Catherine, I think we missed a turn back there," he said with a raised eyebrow.}
\par\plain {"Really?" Catherine said, blinking and turning back to him with a sheepish smile. "Oh\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I didn\u8217\'92t even notice."}
\par\plain {"You were too busy telling Jake and Jane about the War of the Elven Kings," Henry teased, glancing at the rearview mirror to make sure no one was too upset.}
\par\plain {Jake and Jane, clearly thrilled by Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stories, didn\u8217\'92t mind at all. "This is amazing!" Jake said. "You\u8217\'92ve got to tell us more about those ancient rituals! Do you know anything about the Forgotten Kings of the East?"}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes gleamed with excitement, and she immediately launched into a new tale, her voice dropping into a conspiratorial tone as she described rituals and legends that seemed to blur the lines between history and myth.}
\par\plain {Meanwhile, Will glanced at Eddie with a grin. "Well, at least we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not bored." Eddie, however, was quietly watching the road ahead, trying to ignore the growing anxiety in his chest. He couldn\u8217\'92t help but wonder what lay ahead, but the lighthearted banter was a nice distraction from his worries.}
\par\plain {Eventually, after a couple of wrong turns and some playful grumbling from Henry, Catherine realized the situation. "Oh, right, we were supposed to turn left after the third sign," she said, tapping her temple as though the information had just come to her. "Sorry about that, Henry."}
\par\plain {Henry, shaking his head in mock frustration, turned the car around. "I swear, this is the last time I let you distract me."}
\par\plain {But despite the missteps, the mood in the car remained upbeat. They passed through small villages and winding roads, stopping at various places as Catherine pointed out local specialties she insisted on trying. Each time, Eddie and the others would follow along, enjoying the break and the chance to learn more about the places they were passing through. Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stories, though long-winded at times, gave them a glimpse into the past\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a world so different from their own.}
\par\plain {At one point, when the group stopped for a quick break in a small town, Catherine managed to get herself caught up in a conversation with an elderly vendor selling strange, intricately carved trinkets. While she chatted with the vendor about ancient artifacts, Jake and Jane were busy asking more questions, and Henry was starting to grow impatient.}
\par\plain {"This is going to take forever," Henry muttered under his breath, tapping the steering wheel in frustration. "How long does it take to buy a trinket?"}
\par\plain {As they piled back into the car, with Catherine finally satisfied with her purchases, the drive continued with a newfound energy. It was clear that despite a few delays and detours, they were enjoying themselves, and perhaps, unknowingly, they were becoming a little more bonded with each passing moment.}
\par\plain {But as Catherine once again took the lead in conversation, Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but feel that the journey was only just beginning. And with Catherine's unpredictable nature, there was no telling what kind of mischief\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 both fun and dangerous\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lay ahead.}
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain {As Henry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s car continued along the winding roads, the landscape slowly changed, and what had once been a scenic countryside now gave way to the sprawling, breathtaking view of Archaea Citadel in the distance.}
\par\plain {Eddie, who had been gazing out the window, found himself frozen in awe as they approached. Nothing in his life could have prepared him for the sight that stretched before them.}
\par\plain {The city was like a vision out of a dream\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or perhaps a nightmare. From afar, it seemed to go on for miles, the walls and spires of countless castle-like buildings rising up from the land like a series of jagged teeth. The sheer scale of it was unlike anything Eddie had ever seen. Each building seemed to be stacked upon the other, like layers of stone growing out of the earth itself. The architecture was ancient and imposing, with battlements, towers, and turrets piercing the sky in every direction.}
\par\plain {At the very heart of the city, towering above all the other buildings, was a colossal structure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 unmistakable in its grandeur. It was a massive fortress, built in concentric circles that spiraled upward, like a multi-layered cake of stone and steel. The outer walls rose in thick layers, each one seemingly supporting the next, until they reached the pinnacle where the Citadel\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s keep sat. The keep itself seemed to reach far into the sky, almost touching the clouds, a dark silhouette against the pale sky. Eddie couldn\u8217\'92t even begin to comprehend the size of it.}
\par\plain {Will was the first to break the stunned silence. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That... is the Citadel," he said, his voice low with disbelief. \u8220\'93The very center of Solivia. It\u8217\'92s... incredible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine, who had been quietly watching the city approach, leaned forward in her seat and smiled faintly. "It used to be even grander," she said, her voice filled with a trace of nostalgia. "The Citadel, during the height of the Great Mages War, was a towering fortress, more magnificent than it seems now. It stretched over the entire mountaintop, and the walls went far higher than what remains today. But, during the battle for the Citadel, a powerful mage struck the mountain nearby, triggering a landslide that covered the lower half of the city. The landslide swallowed part of the Citadel itself."}
\par\plain {The words sank into the group, and Eddie glanced at the others, absorbing the weight of Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s story. The destruction she spoke of was unimaginable.}
\par\plain {Catherine continued, her tone becoming more reflective. "That half of the city, buried beneath the rubble, became known as the Underground City. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s where the remnants of the old kingdom lie, forgotten beneath the stone, where the streets are haunted by history and secrets. People still live in its shadow, and the city has grown around it, but the scars of the war are still here."}
\par\plain {Jake, who had been quietly observing, leaned forward in his seat. "The Underground City? How much of it is left? Is there... a way in?"}
\par\plain {Catherine turned back to face him with a small smile. "There are places, hidden under layers of stone, but they're not easily found. Few dare to dig too deep. The Citadel itself is a place of power and danger\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 both in its past and present."}
\par\plain {The car picked up speed, winding through the outer roads that led closer to the Citadel, the buildings now towering over them like giants. It was clear that the city was still growing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 people had built homes and shops around the remnants of the old structures, a sprawling urban labyrinth that seemed to have risen from the ruins. Streets wound between crumbling towers, their bases now swallowed up by new constructions, creating an odd mixture of ancient and modern.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re almost there,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, her eyes twinkling as she looked ahead. \u8220\'93Tiara\u8217\'92s tavern is somewhere in the suburban area. It\u8217\'92s outside the main walls, though, so we\u8217\'92ll need to pass through the outer districts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie could hardly take in all the details. The scale of the city was overwhelming, and as they neared the outer perimeter, he noticed the shifting layers of civilization: the rich, sprawling districts near the Citadel contrasted with the more worn-down areas closer to the Underground City. The walls of the Citadel loomed ever closer, as if watching over the entire city with a silent, ancient presence.}
\par\plain {As Henry navigated the outskirts of Archaea Citadel, the roads grew more confusing. Each twist and turn seemed to lead them deeper into an eerie, abandoned part of the city. The once-thriving town now appeared to be a ghost of its former self, the streets winding through dilapidated buildings that were mostly empty.}
\par\plain {Eddie looked out the window, seeing crumbling structures with cracked windows, many of which had been overtaken by vines and moss. The stone roads were cracked and uneven, nature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip reclaiming what had once been the heart of Archaea. The street signs were barely readable, their names faded and indistinct. Some lampposts still stood, their metal frames rusted and lifeless, offering no light against the encroaching darkness of the evening. The air had a musty, forgotten quality to it, as though the town was waiting for something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or someone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to restore it to its former glory.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this the right place?\u8221\'94 Will asked from the back, his voice tinged with uncertainty.}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze remained fixed ahead, though she occasionally glanced down at the faded map in her hands. \u8220\'93I think... I think we\u8217\'92re close,\u8221\'94 she murmured, her voice trailing off. It was clear that even with centuries of experience, remembering the exact location of an old friend\u8217\'92s tavern was no simple task. The passing of time had muddled many of her memories, and the sheer age of the city made it harder to pinpoint her bearings.}
\par\plain {Henry, ever patient, maneuvered the car around a tight corner. His brow furrowed slightly as he looked for any sign of the tavern. After a few moments of driving through the half-abandoned streets, Catherine finally gave a small, relieved nod. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There,\u8221\'94 she said, pointing ahead.}
\par\plain {As they turned the corner, Eddie caught sight of the building. Unlike the others around it, this one stood with an air of peace and warmth, almost like a small beacon in the otherwise desolate area. The stone walls were weathered but sturdy, and the flicker of light through the windows suggested life within. A simple, hand-carved sign swung above the door, its letters reading: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cerberus Tavern.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry eased the car into a large parking area in front of the tavern. It was oddly quiet, with no other cars in sight. The emptiness of the surroundings only seemed to highlight the cozy, inviting aura of the tavern, which stood firm against the deteriorating town. The contrast between the abandoned streets and the warmth of the building was striking. The tavern almost seemed to have its own life, its gentle glow standing out like a safe haven in a decaying world.}
\par\plain {Henry parked the car and turned off the engine. There was a brief moment of silence before he looked over at Catherine. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine nodded, a smile creeping across her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been a while since I\u8217\'92ve been here, but this is Tiara\u8217\'92s place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s curiosity piqued as he stared at the tavern, wondering just how much history was wrapped up in this seemingly simple place. They had arrived in Archaea Citadel, and now it was time to meet Tiara\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the legendary Captain of the Royal Paladins, and someone who might hold the key to what lay ahead in their journey. But first, they had to step into the unknown, enter the tavern, and face whatever awaited inside.}
\par\plain {Without a word, Eddie opened the door and stepped out of the car, followed by Will and Ashley. Henry and Catherine, too, got out, with Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s steps more eager now, as though she had been waiting for this moment for far too long.}
\par\plain {As they walked toward the entrance of the tavern, the distant echo of their footsteps seemed to match the solemn quiet of the surroundings. Eddie could feel the weight of the journey pressing down on him, but he squared his shoulders and pushed the thoughts aside. They were about to meet someone who could guide them through the perilous journey ahead, and he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to let fear stop him now.}
\par\plain {As the group approached the tavern, Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but feel a bit like a young squire following his knight, albeit one who didn\u8217\'92t quite understand the full weight of the journey ahead. Catherine, their leader in this strange, adventurous chapter, walked ahead with a sense of confidence, her presence commanding the small group behind her. Will, Ashley, Henry, Jake, and Jane all followed with their usual banter, but Eddie couldn\u8217\'92t shake the feeling that this was different\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that they were entering a place far beyond their understanding.}
\par\plain {Catherine stopped before the large, weathered wooden door of the tavern, its surface marked by time, with the faded "Closed" sign hanging in the window. Eddie glanced at it, confused. He thought they were here to meet someone, but a closed tavern didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem like an ideal starting point.}
\par\plain {Unbothered by the sign, Catherine raised her brass-mahogany alchemical staff and tapped it gently against the door. The sound echoed softly in the quiet night air, the clink of metal on wood oddly ceremonial, as if it had been done countless times before in the course of Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s long life. She waited for a moment, her gaze fixed on the door, but there was no answer.}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow furrowed slightly, and she knocked again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this time with more insistence.}
\par\plain {Eddie was about to ask if they should just leave when a distant voice, almost sing-songy in tone, drifted through the door. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry,\u8221\'94 it called, \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re closed. We don\u8217\'92t serve customers at this hour.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t flinch. She simply lifted her chin slightly, a smile tugging at the corners of her lips. \u8220\'93How about an old friend?\u8221\'94 she replied, her voice laced with an easy familiarity that sent a shiver of anticipation through Eddie\u8217\'92s spine. Who was this friend, and what kind of history did they share?}
\par\plain {The door\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lock clicked, and with a creak, it slowly swung open. Standing in the doorway was a woman who, despite her warm, inviting expression, held a certain commanding presence. She was tall\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 taller than Catherine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and her muscular frame suggested a strength that was equal parts intimidating and reassuring. Her features were strong but gentle, with a warm smile that softened the sharpness in her eyes.}
\par\plain {For a brief moment, Eddie wondered if the stories of her legendary status as a Captain of the Royal Paladins were true. This woman certainly looked like someone who had earned her place in history.}
\par\plain {As her gaze fell on Catherine, her eyes brightened, and she spoke with a note of recognition in her voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cathy?\u8221\'94 she asked, her tone almost disbelieving.}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile grew wider, and she stepped forward, her staff held casually in her hand. \u8220\'93Good evening, Tia. It\u8217\'92s been a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The two women exchanged a glance that spoke volumes. There was a history here\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a deep, unspoken bond that went beyond time and distance. Eddie watched, captivated by the ease with which they greeted each other, and for a moment, he felt like an intruder on a scene he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite understand.}
\par\plain {But then, Tiara\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who Eddie now recognized as the legendary Captain of the Royal Paladins\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 motioned for them to come inside. "You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve brought quite a crew with you, Cathy. I didn\u8217\'92t expect such a gathering tonight. Come in, come in. Let\u8217\'92s talk."}
\par\plain {As they entered the tavern, Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but glance at the others\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Will, Ashley, Henry, Jake, and Jane, all of whom seemed just as intrigued as he was by the interactions between Catherine and Tiara. It was clear that the day had only just begun to unravel its mysteries.}
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain {As Eddie, Will, Ashley, and the rest of the group entered the tavern, they were immediately greeted by the unexpected warmth of the space. The low hum of the fire crackled softly in the background, casting a cozy glow across the room. The smell of wood and aged spirits mixed with something earthy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 perhaps herbs or spices that lingered in the air. It was the kind of place where time seemed to slow down, and the weight of history felt lighter, as if it had been turned into something comfortable and familiar.}
\par\plain {Immediately to the right of the entrance, Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes were drawn to a gleaming suit of armor displayed on a mannequin. It was a shining, imposing piece of craftsmanship, adorned with intricate engravings and plumes that swirled like the winds of a battle long past. It was unmistakably the armor of a Paladin Company Captain, its polished steel glinting in the firelight. But as Eddie\u8217\'92s gaze swept across the room, taking in the warm, inviting atmosphere, and the woman standing before him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Tiara\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he couldn\u8217\'92t reconcile the two.}
\par\plain {Tiara, despite the heavy armor in the corner, looked every bit like a tavernmaid. Her welcoming smile, her easy posture, the way she moved\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was all so different from the idea Eddie had formed in his mind of the stoic, battle-hardened captain of the Royal Paladins. There was no way she was the same woman who had once commanded such an elite force.}
\par\plain {Catherine, oblivious to the passing years and Tiara's retired status, wasted no time in introducing her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is Tiara,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, gesturing to the woman with a flourish. \u8220\'93Captain of the Royal Paladins. She\u8217\'92s led expeditions to the Underground and has had her share of adventures. You wouldn\u8217\'92t believe the stories she could tell you about the great battles she\u8217\'92s fought, the lost cities she\u8217\'92s uncovered, and the legendary enemies she\u8217\'92s bested with her crew.\u8221\'94 Catherine\u8217\'92s voice held the same reverence as someone speaking of a living legend. She seemed to think the world of Tiara, as though the Captain had not only been a war hero but a figurehead of an entire age.}
\par\plain {Tiara smiled at the introduction, but there was a knowing glint in her eyes, a slight curve to her lips as she regarded Catherine and the group. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, what is it that brings you back here after all these years?\u8221\'94 she asked, her voice soft but tinged with suspicion. \u8220\'93You never visit without a reason, Cathy. What\u8217\'92s your game this time?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine, not one to be deterred, wasted no time getting to the heart of the matter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s about Eddie,\u8221\'94 she said, gesturing toward the young alchemy student, who had been listening quietly. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s in a bit of trouble\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 trouble with something called The Black Hand and someone named Lord Raven. I thought you might have some insights that could help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {At the mention of The Black Hand and Lord Raven, Tiara\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s warm expression faltered for just a moment, replaced by a shadow of something darker. She studied Eddie closely for a moment, her gaze sharp, before turning back to Catherine. The atmosphere in the room shifted, the jovial warmth that had filled the tavern just moments before now tainted by a palpable tension.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Tiara muttered, her voice now carrying a weight of caution. Her eyes softened with something close to sympathy, but the underlying wariness was unmistakable. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t think we\u8217\'92d be talking about }{\f0\fs24\i1 them}{ again.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {As Tiara leaned against the counter, the tavern\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s warm glow casting shadows on her features, her eyes grew distant. Her posture relaxed, but there was an underlying tension in the air that Eddie could feel. The memories of battles long past, the weight of the armor now only a relic in the corner, seemed to hang over her like a shroud. She met Catherine\u8217\'92s gaze, her expression turning somber.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m retired, Cathy,\u8221\'94 Tiara said softly, her voice firm but not without a tinge of regret. \u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t wielded my mace in twenty years. I no longer serve the king, and the king is dead. Together with his family.\u8221\'94 There was a long pause, the weight of those words hanging between them. Tiara looked over her shoulder, as though the echoes of a once-glorious past were reverberating off the old wooden beams. \u8220\'93Now I serve this tavern, this place I\u8217\'92ve built. It gives me peace.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine stepped forward, her voice soft but insistent. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiara, you\u8217\'92re the one who knows the Underground like no one else. You\u8217\'92ve been there, fought in its depths. You\u8217\'92ve faced the Lord of The Black Hand before. You\u8217\'92re the only one who\u8217\'92s ever come out of there with any semblance of victory. We need your help.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Tiara shook her head, a flicker of something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 maybe bitterness, maybe nostalgia\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 passing through her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Underground is a maze of madness. And the Lord of The Black Hand\u8230\'85 He was a monster, Cathy. I don\u8217\'92t want to go back there. Not for you, not for anyone.\u8221\'94 Her voice wavered for a moment, the weight of her words heavy. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve found peace here, in my tavern. I\u8217\'92ve found something resembling calm. Why would I risk that, especially for\u8230\'85 this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine stood firm, a quiet intensity behind her gaze. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because there\u8217\'92s more at stake now. The Black Hand isn\u8217\'92t just a name anymore. And Lord Raven\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She trailed off, her voice dropping with a hint of urgency. \u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t help us, someone might not make it out alive. And we\u8217\'92re just magicians. We need someone who knows how to fight, how to survive in the darkness. We need you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {As the two women stood there, exchanging heavy words, a couple of barmen came around, setting mugs of ale and beer in front of each of the group members. The drinks were warm and inviting, offering a brief moment of comfort amidst the tension of the conversation. Eddie took a sip, the warmth spreading through his chest, but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but watch Tiara closely, waiting for her next words.}
\par\plain {Tiara\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze lingered on the gleaming armor displayed behind the glass container, her old maces resting beside it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shiny, almost untouched. The armor gleamed under the dim tavern lights, a relic of a life she had long since abandoned. She sighed heavily, the weight of those memories pulling at her. It wasn\u8217\'92t just the armor, but what it symbolized\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who she once was, and what she had left behind.}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice broke through her thoughts. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re afraid, Tiara,\u8221\'94 she said gently. \u8220\'93Afraid to face the side of you that\u8217\'92s still a warrior. Afraid of what your own strength might mean.\u8221\'94 Her eyes softened, an understanding look in them. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve worked hard to tame the beast inside you, to channel your werewolf blood into something peaceful. But sometimes, Tiara, we have to remember that the strength we\u8217\'92ve cultivated isn\u8217\'92t just for ourselves\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s for others too. Someone needs you now. Someone who can\u8217\'92t protect themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Tiara\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened, her eyes flickering to the armor again, then to the group standing by the door. Eddie, Will, Ashley, and the others waited, unsure of how to intervene but silently understanding the weight of the conversation. They had heard the stories of the Royal Paladin Captain, of Tiara\u8217\'92s strength, her fearsome reputation. They knew what she was capable of, but they also saw the woman before them now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a woman who had chosen a different life.}
\par\plain {But Catherine wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t done. Her next words made Tiara\u8217\'92s heart stutter, just slightly. \u8220\'93Madeleine. She was the girl they took. She needs you, Tiara. She needs your strength. And not just to survive, but to protect her. You\u8217\'92ve always protected those who couldn\u8217\'92t protect themselves. Even when you weren\u8217\'92t a knight, that\u8217\'92s who you were.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The mention of Madeleine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the girl with the bright eyes and happy smile\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 struck Tiara deeply. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just the word \u8220\'93protect,\u8221\'94 but what it represented. She had once sworn to protect those who could not defend themselves, those in need of a knight's strength. The idea of protecting someone, of putting her strength to use again, stirred something long buried inside her.}
\par\plain {For a long moment, Tiara stood there, frozen, as if her entire world was shifting beneath her feet. Her old instincts, those knightly values, began to rekindle, slowly burning away the doubt and the years of peace she had fought so hard to maintain. Someone needed her. Someone was depending on her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just like the people she had once sworn to defend.}
\par\plain {Tiara stood up abruptly, her chair scraping across the wooden floor as frustration washed over her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn you, Catherine,\u8221\'94 she muttered, a fire reigniting in her eyes. \u8220\'93You always know what to say to make me feel like I\u8217\'92m walking straight back into hell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She turned her back to the group, her hands trembling slightly, not from fear, but from the weight of the responsibility she felt stirring once more. She had sworn off this life, but the need to protect, to fight for those who couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t protect themselves, was not something easily forgotten.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 she finally said, her voice low but firm. \u8220\'93You win. I\u8217\'92ll help you. But it won\u8217\'92t be easy. I\u8217\'92m not the woman I used to be, Catherine. I haven\u8217\'92t been in a real fight in twenty years.\u8221\'94 She paused for a moment, then added, \u8220\'93But I can\u8217\'92t turn my back on someone who needs me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She looked over at the group\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eddie, Will, Ashley, and the rest\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her gaze lingering on them as though weighing her decision. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But first,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone softening just a little, \u8220\'93you all need to rest. I\u8217\'92ll get a room ready for you all here at the tavern. You can sleep, get some food in you. Tomorrow, we begin.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Tiara walked past Catherine, her footsteps heavy as she made her way to the back of the tavern. She needed to be alone, to gather herself, to process what had just happened. After so many years of being away from that life, she was heading back into a world she had left behind. She wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure what would come next, but she knew it wouldn\u8217\'92t be easy.}
\par\plain {The barman, having overheard the conversation, stepped forward, nodding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll prepare a room for them, Tiara,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice warm and understanding. \u8220\'93Let them rest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Tiara didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond, only gave him a small nod before disappearing into the back. The heavy door to the tavern\u8217\'92s back room swung shut behind her with a muffled thud, leaving the group standing in silence for a moment.}
\par\plain {The warmth of the tavern, the laughter of the patrons, and the quiet clinking of mugs around them felt distant now. They had gotten what they came for\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Tiara\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reluctant agreement to help them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but the real journey was still ahead, and it would be one filled with danger and uncertainty. But for now, there was nothing to do but rest. Tomorrow would be the beginning of a new chapter in their fight against the Black Hand. }}