{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The cool evening air felt refreshing as Eddie, Will, and Ashley made their way down the cobbled streets toward the University Fair. The warm orange and purple hues of the setting sun bathed the campus in a soft glow, casting long shadows across the pathways. The sound of distant chatter and laughter floated through the air, growing louder as they approached the bustling grounds.}
\par\plain {"Come on, Ed! I swear you'll love it," Ashley said, her excitement practically radiating off her. She was practically skipping ahead, her satchel bouncing with every step. "The fair's always so much fun! And you two could use a little distraction, right?"}
\par\plain {Eddie glanced over at Will, who had his hands shoved into the pockets of his leather jacket. He had a relaxed smile on his face, but Eddie could see the hint of weariness in his eyes. Will wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the type to pass up a chance for a good time, though, so Eddie wasn\u8217\'92t surprised when he shrugged and grinned.}
\par\plain {"She's right, Ed. You can't spend all your time buried in books and... }{\f0\fs24\i1 whatever}{ you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been up to in your head." Will gave him a playful nudge, clearly trying to lighten the mood. "Let\u8217\'92s go see what all the fuss is about."}
\par\plain {Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but roll his eyes. He had more than enough on his mind, especially with finals coming up, but Ashley\u8217\'92s infectious enthusiasm had a way of pulling him along. And besides, he figured it might be nice to get out of his head for a little while.}
\par\plain {"Alright, alright," Eddie muttered, trying to sound begrudging but secretly relieved to have an excuse to step away from his worries for a bit. "But if we get lost in some weird corner of the campus and end up in the middle of a crowd trying to sell me enchanted spoons or something, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m blaming you."}
\par\plain {Ashley threw him an exaggerated wink, her eyes sparkling. "Oh, you }{\f0\fs24\i1 will}{ get lost, trust me. But that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s half the fun!"}
\par\plain {As they walked, the fair came into view. Students manned colorful booths that lined the campus lawn, selling everything from hand-made magical trinkets to second-hand spell books, clothing, and rare alchemical ingredients. The air smelled faintly of sweet pastries, and the sound of upbeat music mixed with the chatter of students haggling over prices.}
\par\plain {There was something about the fair that always felt alive\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a different energy from the usual quiet study sessions or the formal lessons at the university. Here, everyone seemed to be letting go, enjoying the freedom of the weekend, and Eddie found himself relaxing despite the lingering tension in his chest.}
\par\plain {Ashley led the way, pointing out various booths with excitement. "I told you! They have some of the best second-hand magical equipment here. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be surprised at the bargains you can find!"}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded, trying to look interested, though his eyes kept darting around. He wasn't really one for crowds, and the chaos of the fair made him a bit uneasy. Still, he kept walking, trying to be present for Ashley. He knew she was just trying to have fun.}
\par\plain {Will nudged Eddie again, a teasing grin on his face. "Bet you five silver coins you can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t haggle with that booth owner over there," he said, gesturing to an old man who was selling strange-looking potions. "You seem like you\u8217\'92d be good at it."}
\par\plain {Eddie shot Will a skeptical glance. "You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re on. But only because I need something to distract me from everything else right now."}
\par\plain {The three of them wandered through the fair, with Ashley pulling them in different directions, chatting about the vendors and their goods. Eddie, though still a bit lost in thought, couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but feel a small sense of relief. The fair was a welcome distraction, even if only for a little while.}
\par\plain {As they passed a booth with colorful glass vials filled with shimmering powders, Eddie spotted something that caught his attention\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a strange, intricately carved amulet displayed behind a curtain of beads. Something about it felt familiar, like a memory he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite place.}
\par\plain {Before he could get a closer look, Ashley grabbed his arm. "Come on, Eddie! We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve got a whole fair to explore!"}
\par\plain {He smiled faintly, following her lead once again. For a moment, he let the chaos of the fair wash over him, pushing aside the darker thoughts that had been plaguing him. Maybe it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t such a bad idea to be out here after all.}
\par\plain {As the evening deepened, the sky now a canvas of rich purple and dark blue, the trio found a quiet corner near the university grounds, away from the hustle and bustle of the fair. A wooden picnic table sat under the shadow of a tall oak tree, its branches swaying gently in the cool evening breeze. The air was crisp, carrying the sweet scent of pastries mixed with the earthy fragrance of the grass.}
\par\plain {Ashley unwrapped her snack\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a savory pastry filled with some kind of magical herb\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and took a large bite, her face lighting up at the flavor. She was always the one with the boundless energy, always moving, always talking. Will, on the other hand, was content, sitting back with a small bag of dried fruit, his collection of patches laid out beside him on the table, clearly excited about his recent find.}
\par\plain {Eddie, though, was more subdued, unwrapping a small bundle of leather satchels and vials he'd bought. He eyed the tiny bottles, imagining the various ingredients he'd fill them with\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tinctures, elixirs, perhaps something experimental. His mind, however, kept drifting back to his conversations earlier in the day, particularly the unsettling ones with Walther.}
\par\plain {"You know," Ashley began between bites, looking at Eddie with an almost mischievous grin, "we're not going to have a lot of time to relax after today. Finals are creeping up on us." She took another bite, chewing thoughtfully before continuing. "And we still have to nail that Harmonisation Ritual by the end of the term."}
\par\plain {Eddie looked up from his satchel, frowning slightly. The Harmonisation Ritual was something every first-year Alchemy student had to master by the end of the semester. A complex ritual that required precision and a deep understanding of magical energies, it was one of the most important assessments, and failure could mean being held back or even losing a place at the university. The pressure had been building for weeks now, and Eddie couldn't help but feel the weight of it more with each passing day.}
\par\plain {"I know," Eddie muttered, his fingers absently tracing the edge of a vial. "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just... I don\u8217\'92t know if I\u8217\'92m ready for it. I still don\u8217\'92t feel like I\u8217\'92ve got the hang of managing my mana the way Madeleine does."}
\par\plain {Ashley shrugged, nonchalantly popping a piece of pastry into her mouth. "You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re making progress, Ed. You just have to trust the process. You\u8217\'92ve got until the final exam, right? You\u8217\'92ve got time. And besides, you\u8217\'92ve got me and Will to help if you need it."}
\par\plain {Will, who had been quiet until now, finally spoke up, leaning forward and tapping the table with one of his patches. "Yeah, Eddie, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve still got time to perfect your technique. Just don\u8217\'92t overthink it. You can\u8217\'92t force the magic. It\u8217\'92s like trying to make a song sound perfect\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if you focus too much on getting every note right, you\u8217\'92ll lose the flow." He flashed Eddie a reassuring smile. "You\u8217\'92ll get it. You\u8217\'92re just in your head too much."}
\par\plain {As the three friends sat around the picnic table, their snacks nearly finished, the atmosphere was light despite the weight of their upcoming finals. Eddie absentmindedly fiddled with the straps on his leather satchels, listening to Will as he casually suggested something that made Eddie pause.}
\par\plain {"You know," Will began, his fingers absently tracing one of his guitar patches, "maybe you should practice with Walther. He's a second-year Alchemy student, just like Madeleine, and he knows his stuff. You'd probably learn a lot faster if you practiced with both of them. Two perspectives, right?"}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked, surprised by the suggestion. "Walther? You mean the same Walther I was talking to earlier?"}
\par\plain {"Yeah," Will nodded, glancing over at Eddie. "A few nights ago, Walther actually asked me about helping you practice. I told him it'd be a good idea, so you should probably take him up on it. If he's offering, it's worth considering."}
\par\plain {Eddie shifted uncomfortably in his seat. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite shake the feeling that something about Walther didn\u8217\'92t sit right with him. The conversation with him earlier had left him with a sense of unease, one that he couldn't fully explain. "I don\u8217\'92t know, Will. He\u8217\'92s... kinda pushy, don\u8217\'92t you think?"}
\par\plain {Will raised an eyebrow, not fully convinced. "Pushy? He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just enthusiastic. He seems like a guy who knows what he\u8217\'92s talking about. Plus, you could use the extra practice."}
\par\plain {Eddie hesitated, still unsure. But Will's suggestion had planted a seed in his mind, one that grew the more he thought about it. "I guess I could give it a try... but something about him just doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel right. It\u8217\'92s like he\u8217\'92s trying too hard."}
\par\plain {Will grinned, always the optimist. "Come on, Ed. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re overthinking it. It\u8217\'92s going to be fine. And speaking of Walther," Will leaned in a little closer, his voice dropping to a conspiratorial whisper, "what were you guys talking about earlier? You looked pretty deep in conversation."}
\par\plain {Eddie sighed, running a hand through his messy silver hair. He felt a slight chill as the conversation drifted back to Walther, remembering the way he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d pried into his past, into the old stories of the royal family. "We just... talked about the history of Edenfield, the monarchy and all that. Walther seems to know a lot about the royal family\u8217\'92s past. He asked me some questions about my dreams, too."}
\par\plain {Will raised an eyebrow, his curiosity piqued. "Your dreams? What kind of questions?"}
\par\plain {"Well," Eddie said, shifting in his seat, "He asked about the nightmares I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been having. You know, the ones about fire and the screams, all the stuff from the night the king\u8217\'92s family was murdered. He seemed... really interested in them." Eddie\u8217\'92s voice trailed off, his unease about the conversation growing stronger in retrospect. "It felt a little strange."}
\par\plain {He turned his attention to the fairgrounds nearby, the soft chatter of students and the warm glow of lights casting long shadows across the lawn. The sounds of laughter and casual conversation mixed with the scent of freshly baked goods, but Eddie felt distant from it all, lost in his own thoughts.}
\par\plain {Before he could voice more of his doubts, Ashley chimed in, clearly having overheard their conversation. She was finishing the last of her pastry, one eye on the fair, the other on her friends.}
\par\plain {"Be careful, Eddie," she said, her voice calm but firm. "You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know Walther that well. You\u8217\'92ve barely spoken to him. Sharing personal information, especially about your magic or your dreams, might not be the best idea." She paused, eyes narrowing slightly as she spoke. "In witch culture, dreams are seen as a doorway to the soul. You can tell a lot about a person just by the way they describe them. If someone knows what your dreams mean, it gives them power over you, and they can use that against you."}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked, caught off guard by the seriousness of her words. Will looked over at her, his usual carefree demeanor shifting as he too seemed to listen more intently.}
\par\plain {Ashley took another bite of her snack, continuing as if this were common knowledge for her. "When you tell someone your dreams, you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re not just telling them about what happens while you sleep. You\u8217\'92re giving them a glimpse into your subconscious, into your fears, desires, and even the parts of you that you don\u8217\'92t consciously acknowledge." She paused, eyes flickering briefly to the fairgrounds, as if she were considering her next words carefully. "In some cultures, it\u8217\'92s even said that your dreams can be used to curse or manipulate you. Or worse, it can show someone how to break you down."}
\par\plain {Will raised an eyebrow at her, his tone light but tinged with concern. "Wait, are you saying Walther could, like, use Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dreams against him?"}
\par\plain {Ashley shrugged, leaning back in her seat. "Not necessarily. But you should be cautious. You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what Walther might do with that kind of information, especially if he knows what kind of dreams you\u8217\'92re having. It\u8217\'92s a lot more personal than you think."}
\par\plain {Eddie felt the weight of Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words, the unease creeping back up. His dreams, the ones he\u8217\'92d brushed off as nothing more than a quirk of his mind, suddenly seemed a lot more dangerous. His visions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 of fire, of the screams, of Catherine's face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 felt heavier now, knowing that someone might try to interpret them in a way that gave them control.}
\par\plain {Will gave a dismissive wave of his hand, clearly not as concerned. "I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know, Ash. Walther\u8217\'92s not like that. He\u8217\'92s just trying to help Eddie with his magic, that\u8217\'92s all. I don\u8217\'92t think he\u8217\'92d try anything weird with his dreams."}
\par\plain {Ashley didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem convinced, but she didn\u8217\'92t push the matter further. Instead, she took another bite of her pastry, her gaze flickering to the fairgrounds. "I\u8217\'92m just saying, you should be careful with who you trust, especially when it comes to things that could affect your future here."}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond immediately. He wasn\u8217\'92t sure what to think. On one hand, Will\u8217\'92s reassurance gave him a sense of comfort, but on the other, Ashley\u8217\'92s caution made him question the risks of opening up to someone like Walther. He wasn\u8217\'92t sure if he wanted to risk learning more from someone who made him feel so uncomfortable.}
\par\plain {For now, though, he decided to let it go, focusing on the fair instead of the tension in the air. "Well, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll think about it," Eddie said after a moment of silence. "Maybe I\u8217\'92ll talk to Walther again before I decide."}
\par\plain {Will grinned, clearly satisfied with the direction the conversation had gone. "That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the spirit. Now, enough talk about finals and mysterious people. Let\u8217\'92s go check out the rest of the booths before the fair closes. I hear there\u8217\'92s a new Alchemy book for sale."}
\par\plain {Eddie managed a smile, though it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t quite reach his eyes. As they stood up and walked toward the next booth, the unease about Walther still gnawed at him, but he pushed it to the back of his mind. For now, he had more immediate distractions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like the upcoming finals and the people around him who still had their own way of dealing with the pressure. }}