{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The distant chirping of sparrows, filled the evening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sounds of brass musical instruments. Trombones, Tubas, Trumpets, somewhere across the school yard, practicing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The distant screeching of shoes, the rhytmic thudding of basketball being bounced at the gymnasium below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rhythmic thudding of books being moved, the crunching of pages being flipped. filled the small room, each scratch deliberate, each movement lost in the rhythm of cleanliness. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Editing Room of the Literature Club smelled of lemon polish and old paper\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a scent Honoka usually found comforting. Today, it reeked of\~desperation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki kicked her feet up on a freshly dusted desk, watching as Honoka adjusted the repaired lamp for the\~fifth\~time. The room already gleamed: floors mopped to a dangerous shine, stacks of manuscripts squared like military formations, even the wilting azalea on the windowsill had been resuscitated with aggressive watering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honoka-chan, you do realize,\u8221\'94\~Haruki said, spinning a broom between her palms,\~\u8220\'93People usually just\~sit\~on their first date. They don\u8217\'92t deep-clean like they\u8217\'92re hiding a crime scene from a Murakami novel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s polishing rag froze mid-swipe.\~\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s\~not\~a date! It\u8217\'92s a collaboration! Who is Murakami anyway, you\u8217\'92re making it up!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mhm.\u8221\'94\~Haruki leaned in, grinning.\~\u8220\'93Which is why you made me scrub the\~ceiling fan. And why you\~squeaked\~when he called you \u8216\'91Honoka-san\u8217\'92\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I did\~not\~squeak!\u8221\'94\~Honoka\u8217\'92s voice did, in fact, squeak.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Uh-huh."\~Haruki twirled a finger around her ear.\~"\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91Call me Honoka~\u8217\'92 So bold! So\~romantic!\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Haruki!"\~A blotch of red spread from Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck to her hairline. She nearly upended the inkwell in her fluster.\~"It\u8217\'92s just\~polite! And once again I told you, this isn\u8217\'92t a\~date!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki collapsed into giggles. Outside, the cicadas\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 drone swelled\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 nature\u8217\'92s own laugh track.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Besides,\u8221\'94\~Haruki continued, poking Honoka\u8217\'92s shoulder,\~\u8220\'93Who brings up\~The Makioka Sisters\~as small talk? \u8216\'91Oh yes, Nagano-san, let me romance you with metaphors about\~economic decline in pre-war Osaka\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Honoka hurled a pillow at her.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop\~twisting\~it! You know I didn\u8217\'92t mean\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A knock at the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Both girls froze mid-motion - Honoka with her polishing rag suspended above an already gleaming desk, Haruki with her teasing grin still locked in place. The cicadas outside seemed to hush in anticipation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Uh...hello?"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Nagano's muffled voice came through the wood.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Is this the Editorial Room?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka made a sound like a deflating balloon - something between a gasp and a squeak. Her hands flew to her hair, patting down imaginary flyaways, then to her skirt to smooth nonexistent wrinkles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki watched with gleeful horror as Honoka's entire body seemed to short-circuit. The usually composed Literature Club vice president was now doing a bizarre little dance of panic - one foot stepping toward the door, then retreating, hands fluttering like startled birds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Y-yes! Just a second!"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Her voice cracked}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The doorknob turned. Haruki could hear the rusty hinges whining in protest, each creak stretching the moment taut with anticipation. She caught a glimpse of Honoka's face - eyes wide behind her glasses, lips pressed into a thin line, the flush on her cheeks spreading down her neck like spilled ink.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Just before the door opened fully, Honoka seemed to remember her role as host. She lunged forward in a jerky motion, yanking the door the rest of the way open with enough force to make it bang against the wall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Welcome!" she announced, voice an octave too high. The cheerful tone clashed spectacularly with her deer-in-headlights expression.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Hey, sorry we\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re late\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Nagano shouldered his way in, guitar case bumping the doorframe with a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 thunk}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Behind him, two band members gaped at the suspiciously sparkling room like they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d walked into a shrine instead of a literature club.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano jerked a thumb at the duo.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "This is Ryo\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The drummer, a lanky boy with drumstick calluses peeking from his pocket, gave a peace sign.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 and Jun."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The trumpeter, whose hair defied gravity in a way that suggested either genius or sleep deprivation, nodded solemnly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki blinked.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 A drummer and a}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 trumpet}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 player? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka bowed, snapping Haruki back to reality.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Aoki Honoka, vice president. Thank you for coming."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki copied the bow, then smirked.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "And I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m Fujiyama Haruki, I\u8217\'92m just tagging along."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka elbowed her ribs before gesturing to the desks.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Please, make yourselves comfortable."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ryo immediately collapsed into a chair, spinning a drumstick across his knuckles.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Whoa. This place smells like my grandma\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s house."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "That\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s the}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 polish}{\f0\fs24\b0 ," Jun muttered, eyeing the gleaming shelves.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "And possibly}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 regret}{\f0\fs24\b0 *."*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano set his guitar case down with a grin.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Ignore them. They\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re allergic to cleanliness."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki leaned into Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s space, stage-whispering:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You sure you don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want me to leave? I could}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 vanish}{\f0\fs24\b0 *. Poof."* She wiggled her fingers.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Give you four some}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 privacy}{\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka snatched her collar, yanking her back.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 staying}{\f0\fs24\b0 ,"* she hissed, cheeks flaming.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The borrowed low table wobbled precariously as they settled onto cushions that Honoka had fluffed into near-spherical perfection. Steam curled from the teapot in delicate tendrils - chamomile with a hint of citrus, Haruki noted with private amusement.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Some things never change.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The mother who always served tea to her daughter's school friends had clearly been doing this since her own teenage years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano slapped three crumpled notebook pages onto the table. "Alright, geniuses. Behold - our masterpiece."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ryo and Jun leaned forward with the solemn pride of artists unveiling a gallery piece. Haruki smoothed out the first sheet and immediately choked on her tea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Racing through the night like a shooting star,\line My heart burns for you no matter where you are\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Are these...\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 love lyrics}{\f0\fs24\b0 ?" Haruki wheezed, wiping tea droplets from the page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Youth}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~lyrics," Nagano corrected, crossing his arms. "It's metaphorical."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka carefully took the second page, her eyebrows performing a slow ascent toward her hairline as she read:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Your smile shines brighter than chrome,\line Together we'll never feel alone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Jun nodded sagely. "That one's my favorite stanza."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki opened her mouth, but Honoka's elbow found her ribs with practiced precision. The literature club vice president adjusted her glasses, the very picture of academic composure. "The...\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 emotional intent}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~comes through strongly," she began diplomatically. "And your use of vehicular imagery as a metaphor for freedom is... inventive."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano's eyes lit up. "Right? The bike represents\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "But," Honoka continued gently, "Perhaps the\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 execution}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~could benefit from more... subtlety?" She pointed to a line. "When you rhyme 'fire' with 'desire' three times in one verse, it loses some...\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 nuance}{\f0\fs24\b0 ."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki could no longer contain herself. "It's\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 horrible}{\f0\fs24\b0 ," she declared. "This reads like a love letter written by a traffic light! 'My heart burns for you' - are you a shooting star or a\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 grease fire}{\f0\fs24\b0 ?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ryo gasped in mock offense. "You wound me, Fujiyama-san!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano snatched the papers back, but he was grinning. "Alright, critic. Let's hear\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 your}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~genius lyrics."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka hid a smile behind her teacup. "Perhaps," she said softly, "we could try writing something\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 together}{\f0\fs24\b0 ?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The room stilled. Nagano's fingers tapped against his knee - not nervous, but\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 anticipatory}{\f0\fs24\b0 . "Yeah," he said at last. "Show us how it's done, Aoki\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Honoka-san}{\f0\fs24\b0 ."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The way he emphasized her name made Honoka's teacup rattle in its saucer. Haruki smirked.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Game on}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And so, as the fading afternoon light bled gold through the paper blinds as they worked, turning the editorial room into a lantern of murmured ideas and crumpled drafts. Pencil smudges decorated Honoka's fingertips like inkblots, while Nagano's guitar pick had worn a groove into the table's edge from restless tapping. What began as stilted suggestions blossomed into something alive - Honoka's careful metaphors weaving through Nagano's raw energy, Haruki's blunt revisions sanding down the roughest edges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 By the time the school bells chimed sunset, the second draft lay before them - transformed from its clunky beginnings into something that made Ryo drum his fingers against his knees and Jun hum under his breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Alright," Nagano said, fingers already finding chords on his guitar. "Let's hear this monster."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka's hands fluttered. "W-wait! The third stanza's meter is still\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But Jun's trumpet was already at his lips, releasing a bright, brassy note that startled a laugh from Haruki. Nagano grinned and began to play, the melody rough but earnest, like sunlight through tree leaves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And then he sang.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka's protests died in her throat. Nagano's voice wasn't polished - it cracked on the high notes, his tempo occasionally stumbling - but it was\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 warm}{\f0\fs24\b0 , thrumming with the same energy as when he talked about music. Without realizing, she found herself tapping along to the rhythm, her earlier anxiety melting like spring snow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki, ever fearless, was the first to join in, harmonizing off-key but with gusto. When Honoka finally added her voice - softly at first, then stronger - their mismatched choir filled the small room. The lyrics they'd agonized over now took flight, carried by three voices that had no business sounding good together, yet somehow did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Outside, the cicadas provided percussion. Inside, for these fleeting moments, there was only music and shared breath and the impossible rightness of creation. Even the musty editorial room seemed to hold its breath, the stacked manuscripts and Honoka's carefully arranged pencils bearing witness to this fragile, perfect thing they'd made together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As the last note faded, Nagano's eyes met Honoka's - and for once, neither looked away.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The cicadas had quieted by the time they stepped onto the school\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s front path, the warm hush of summer night settling over them like a blanket. Streetlights flickered on one by one, casting long shadows that tangled together as the group walked\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ryo attempting to balance a drumstick on his nose, Jun humming their newly-minted melody under his breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "That was\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Honoka began, then stopped. The words\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 the most fun I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve ever had in the Editorial Room}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~lodged in her throat, too vulnerable to voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "It was the best time I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ve ever had in the Editorial Room,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~She admitted, her cheeks flushing pink in the dim light. The confession left her lips tingling, as if she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d bitten into a stolen strawberry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grin faltered for half a second.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Wait\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 really? It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s usually just you in there, right?"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~He adjusted his guitar strap, the leather creaking.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Kinda thought you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d be sick of the place by now."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "We used to have five members. But after the third all-nighter formatting poetry submissions, everyone transferred to the Newspaper Club."}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~She mimed a dramatic escape with her fingers.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Now it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s just me and the weekly stack of unfinished haikus about cafeteria food."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "So you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re like\u8230\'85 the last samurai of student literature?"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Ryo chimed in, spinning a drumstick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "More like a glorified proofreader,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Honoka laughed, but her fingers absently traced the ink stains on her sleeve\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the badge of her lonely dedication.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano studied her for a moment, the streetlight catching the thoughtful crease between his brows.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Guess that makes this song your first}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 real}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 collaboration, huh?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The way he said it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like it mattered, like\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 she}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~mattered\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sent a warm shiver down Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Which means we gotta give it a title worthy of Aoki Honoka\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s editorial standards,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Nagano declared, slinging his guitar case higher.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "So? What\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re we calling our masterpiece, folks?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A chorus of voices erupted:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Eternal Youth\u8217\'92!"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Ryo crowed, nearly dropping his drumstick.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Racing Against the Sunset\u8217\'92,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Jun intoned, as if announcing a samurai film.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91Ode to my youger years\u8217\'92,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Nagano added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki waited until the laughter subsided before adding.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8216\'91The Summer Fifty Years Ago."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "The hell kind of title is that?"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Ryo blinked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Think about it,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Haruki said, kicking a pebble down the path.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "When you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re old and gray, listening to this song again\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 it\u8217\'92ll take you right back here. To this summer. To}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 now}{\f0\fs24\b0 *."* She gestured around at them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s ink-stained fingers, Nagano\u8217\'92s guitar pick gleaming in his palm, Jun\u8217\'92s trumpet case covered in peeling band stickers.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s not just a song. It\u8217\'92s a}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 time machine}{\f0\fs24\b0 *."*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For a moment, no one spoke. A breeze rustled through the trees, carrying the scent of warm pavement and distant rain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then Nagano slung an arm around Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck, ruffling her hair.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re a weird kid, Fujiyama. But that\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~}{\f0\fs24\b1\i1 perfect}{\f0\fs24\b0 *."*}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile was soft in the dim light.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "It really is."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And just like that, it stuck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As they continue walking down the road, the boys reached their motorcycles first, their laughter and clattering gear fading into the humid night as Nagano swung his leg over the seat. He lingered just a moment longer than necessary, one hand on the handlebars as he turned back toward Honoka.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "See you tomorrow, geniuses," he called, his smile visible even in the dim light. The engine roared to life, but not before Haruki caught the way Honoka's fingers twitched at her sides - as if resisting the urge to wave too enthusiastically.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then it was just the two girls walking their familiar path home, the cicadas' song swelling around them like a living thing. The warm asphalt still radiated the day's heat through their shoe soles, and fireflies pulsed lazily along the overgrown ditch beside the road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 whap!}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s palm connected with Haruki\u8217\'92s upper arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Ow!}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~What was that for?" Haruki rubbed her arm, though the sting was more surprise than pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "You're horrible," Honoka giggled, the sound bubbling up uncontrollably. Moonlight caught the edges of her smile as she ducked her head. "All that scheming just to get me to talk to Nagano-kun."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki shrugged, kicking a pebble down the road. "Anything to prevent you from dying alone in your old age. You can't marry books, you know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Shut up, Haruki-chan." But Honoka's laughter tangled with hers, blending into the summer night's chorus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They walked in comfortable silence after that, shoulders occasionally bumping as they navigated the darkened path. The usual intersection approached too soon, where the streetlights formed a pool of yellow light that marked their parting spot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "See you tomorrow,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Honoka said, already half-turned toward home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But then -}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Haruki-chan!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice spun Haruki back around. There, framed by the halo of a streetlamp, Honoka stood with her arms wrapped around herself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not in hesitation, but as if holding the warmth of the day close.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Thank you,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~she said, simple and sincere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For once, Haruki had no joke ready. The words lodged in her throat, sudden and unexpected. So she just smiled\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 real and unguarded\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and called back,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "You\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re welcome!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Their waves mirrored each other, hands fluttering like the pages of an open book, until distance turned them into silhouettes.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0}