{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The first thing to surface from the black, syrupy nothingness was sound. Before thought or sight, there were voices, muffled and distant, swimming in and out of focus like a badly tuned radio. Words would occasionally break through the static hiss before being swallowed again. Gradually, two distinct voices emerged: a low, concerned baritone acting as an anchor in the noise, and a lighter, skeptical Californian drawl that rose and fell with restless energy.}
\par\plain {"...wasn't human, Will. The way it moved\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 it just }{\f0\fs24\i1 leapt}{. Cleared the library wall in a single bound after I hit it with a kinetic blast. Then it was just gone. Vanished into the arboretum."}
\par\plain {"Dude, seriously? Henry, you've been mainlining coffee and cramming for your Automaton thesis for like, a week straight. Maybe you were seeing things? No offense, but the library is super creepy after curfew."}
\par\plain {"I know what I saw, Ashley. It was crouched over Eddie. If I hadn't come along when I did\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85" A pause, heavy with unspoken fear. "I'm telling you, it was wrong. Unnatural."}
\par\plain {"And I'm telling you, you're stressed. We're all stressed. Let's just be glad Eddie's okay before we start hunting for, like, the Mothman of Edenfield."}
\par\plain {"It's not\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {A groan sliced through their argument. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own.}
\par\plain {His eyelids felt like lead shutters. He peeled them open to a blurry, white ceiling. The sharp, sterile scent of antiseptic and healing potions flooded his senses, confirming his location: the campus infirmary. He pushed himself up on his elbows, his head throbbing, and tried to swing his legs over the side of the bed.}
\par\plain {A bolt of white-hot agony shot up from his left ankle, so intense it stole his breath and made his vision flash. He collapsed back onto the pillows with a sharp hiss of pain.}
\par\plain {"Eddie!" Will was at his side in an instant, his hands hovering, unsure where to touch. "Easy, mate. Just lay back. The healers said your leg got twisted up badly when you fell. They had to mend a fracture."}
\par\plain {Ashley leaned into his view, a weak smile on her face that didn't quite reach her worried eyes. "Hey, at least it's not missing. You'd make a totally bogus pirate."}
\par\plain {"You're awake at least," Henry said, a wave of relief washing over his face. "How are you feeling? You took quite a nasty blow on your leg."}
\par\plain {"Yeah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Figures," Eddie managed, his voice a dry rasp. He swung his legs over the side of the bed, the world tilting precariously. "What\u8230\'85 what happened? I was in the library\u8230\'85"}
\par\plain {"That's what we were hoping you could tell us," Will said, his tone grim. "Henry found you unconscious in the alley behind the Archives."}
\par\plain {Eddie squeezed his eyes shut, trying to pierce the fog in his mind. The library\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 yes. He'd been heading back to the dorm, taking the shortcut. It was late. The air was cold. He remembered the rustle of leaves behind him, a sound that was too loud, too close. He\u8217\'92d turned, and then\u8230\'85 nothing. Just a black hole in his memory.}
\par\plain }