{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Knock, knock, knock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Yaeko Matsuda stood in front of the bathroom door, her arms crossed and her foot tapping impatiently. The sound of running water had stopped a while ago, but Haruki was still holed up inside, and Matsuda was running out of patience.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haruki!\u8221\'94 she called, her voice sharp but not unkind. \u8220\'93Come on, you\u8217\'92ve been in there for three hours! Hot water isn\u8217\'92t cheap in these times, you know!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Inside the bathroom, Haruki was huddled in the bathtub, her knees pulled to her chest and her arms wrapped around them. The hot water she had drawn earlier had long since turned lukewarm, but she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bring herself to get out. Her mind was a whirlwind of regret and self-pity, and the bathroom felt like the only place she could hide from the world.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Five more minutes!\u8221\'94 Haruki called back, her voice muffled by the running water.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda groaned, leaning her forehead against the door. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what you said an hour ago! I want to take a bath too!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 There was a pause, and then Matsuda added, her tone a little softer, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re in there wallowing in pain because some boy from the sixties hurt your feelings, you can talk to me about it! But not until I take a bath!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki sighed, her shoulders slumping. She knew Matsuda-senpai was right\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stay in the bathroom forever. But the thought of facing the world, of admitting her failure, felt like too much to bear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Still, the sound of Matsuda\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s foot tapping outside the door was getting harder to ignore. With a reluctant groan, Haruki pulled herself out of the tub, the water sloshing around her as she stood. She wrapped a towel around herself and shuffled to the door, her hair dripping and her expression a mix of annoyance and defeat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She opened the door just enough to peek out, her eyes meeting Matsuda\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s impatient gaze. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here you go,\u8221\'94 Haruki said flatly, stepping aside to let Matsuda in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda raised an eyebrow, taking in Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s disheveled appearance. \u8220\'93Thank you,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone dry but not unkind. She stepped into the bathroom, then paused, turning back to Haruki. \u8220\'93And don\u8217\'92t think you\u8217\'92re off the hook. We\u8217\'92re talking about this as soon as I\u8217\'92m done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki groaned, pulling the towel tighter around herself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do we have to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes,\u8221\'94 Matsuda said firmly, closing the door behind her. \u8220\'93Now go put some clothes on. You look like a lost chilld.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The night was calm, the air filled with the soft hum of cicadas and the occasional rustle of grass in the breeze. Fireflies danced in the garden, their tiny lights flickering like stars against the dark backdrop of the trees. Haruki sat on the porch bench, her legs tucked beneath her and a fresh sweater keeping her warm. Her slightly short, curly hair was tied into a messy bun, and her eyes were fixed on the fireflies, though her mind was elsewhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The door creaked open, and Matsuda stepped out, holding two steaming cups of tea. She handed one to Haruki, who accepted it with a quiet \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93thank you,\u8221\'94 and then sat down beside her on the bench. For a moment, they sat in silence, sipping their tea and watching the fireflies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Finally, Matsuda broke the quiet. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone gentle but firm, \u8220\'93care to tell me what happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki sighed, her grip tightening around the warm cup. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s complicated.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda chuckled softly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything is. You just have to not make it complicated, and then everything will be easy to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki pouted, shooting Matsuda a sideways glance. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Easy for you to say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda smiled, unfazed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you still remember the painting technique I told you about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki frowned, her brow furrowing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The one about starting with a fresh canvas,\u8221\'94 Matsuda said, her tone patient. \u8220\'93When you first get a new canvas and want to make a picture, what are the steps?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki thought for a moment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8230\'85 get the paints?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s next?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You paint the underpaintings?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And after that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You paint the bigger shapes, then work out the details.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda nodded, her smile widening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And do you think painting is hard?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki hesitated, then shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t think so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There you go,\u8221\'94 Matsuda said, her tone triumphant. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s the same with life. You start with the basics, then build from there. You don\u8217\'92t have to figure everything out at once. Just take it one step at a time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki smiled faintly, her gaze still fixed on the fireflies flickering in the garden. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re always so wise, Matsuda-senpai.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda chuckled softly, leaning back against the bench. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s just say\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92ve had my own fair share of lessons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They sat in comfortable silence for a few minutes, the night air filled with the rhythmic chirping of cicadas and the distant hum of car headlights on the streets beyond the woods. The fireflies danced in the darkness, their tiny lights weaving patterns in the air, and for a moment, the world felt still.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eventually, Haruki broke the quiet, her voice soft but heavy with emotion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think I\u8217\'92ll be going back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda paused, setting her teacup down on the porch railing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hmm?\u8221\'94 she asked, her tone gentle but curious. \u8220\'93What makes you think that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki pulled her knees to her chest, burying her face in them as if she could hide from the weight of her words. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My parents\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she began, her voice muffled. \u8220\'93The love doesn\u8217\'92t go both ways. And my mom hates me. I don\u8217\'92t think I have a chance anymore.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda was silent for a moment, her expression thoughtful. She reached over and placed a hand on Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, her touch warm and reassuring. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think your mom  hate you, Haruki-chan. I think she\u8217\'92s just\u8230\'85 hurt. And confused. Maybe just like you are now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki shook her head, her voice trembling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t see her face, Matsuda-senpai. She looked at me like I was some kind of\u8230\'85 stranger. Like I had betrayed her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93People say and do things they don\u8217\'92t mean when they\u8217\'92re hurt,\u8221\'94 Matsuda said softly. \u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t mean they stop caring.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki sighed, her shoulders slumping as she stared at the fireflies. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I got into an argument with my father too,\u8221\'94 she admitted, her voice quiet. \u8220\'93I knew he didn\u8217\'92t do anything wrong, but I got so angry. I screamed at him and ran away. He\u8217\'92ll probably never talk to me again after that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda let out a small giggle, the sound light and unexpected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki turned to her, her cheeks flushing with embarrassment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t laugh! What\u8217\'92s so funny?!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda waved a hand, trying to stifle her laughter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, it\u8217\'92s nothing\u8230\'85 It\u8217\'92s just\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s absurd. But absurdly funny.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki pouted, crossing her arms as Matsuda continued to chuckle. She stayed silent, her annoyance growing, until finally she muttered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do I do now\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda wiped a tear from the corner of her eye, her laughter subsiding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say, Haruki-chan,\u8221\'94 she began, her tone thoughtful, \u8220\'93if by chance your parents haven\u8217\'92t fallen in love by this time\u8230\'85 I think they still love something else, don\u8217\'92t they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki frowned, confused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For example,\u8221\'94 Matsuda said, leaning back against the bench, \u8220\'93my father was really into bicycles. He collected a bunch of them. And my mother loved gardening. Before they loved each other, they loved those things. I suppose your parents have something they love too, don\u8217\'92t they? A hobby? A passion?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki fell silent for a moment, her gaze drifting to her nearly empty teacup. She swirled the leaves around, her mind racing. Nagano and Honoka\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~have something they loved. She remembered how Nagano played the guitar and sang\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Ue o Muite Aruk\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u333\'6F}{\f0\fs24\b0 , his voice warm and full of emotion. He was good\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 really good. And Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 she was always writing poetry or haiku during free moments in class, her passion for words shining through in every line. She loved editing for the Literature Club, pouring her heart into every page.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My father always loved music,\u8221\'94 Haruki mumbled, her voice soft. \u8220\'93And my mother loves poetry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda smiled, her eyes twinkling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it. And if you work with the things they love, I think you can bring them together. Think of it as your primary colors.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki sat there for a moment, the words sinking in. Then, like a spark igniting, an epiphany hit her. She shot to her feet, her eyes wide with excitement. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I got it!\u8221\'94 she exclaimed, her voice ringing out in the quiet night. \u8220\'93Matsuda-senpai, you\u8217\'92re a genius!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Before Matsuda could respond, Haruki threw her arms around her in a tight hug, then dashed back into the cabin, her footsteps echoing on the wooden floor. Matsuda watched through the window as Haruki rushed to her notebooks and sketchbooks, her hands flying as she began to scribble down ideas and plans.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Matsuda smiled, a quiet sense of pride swelling in her chest. Haruki, her kouhai, still had that fire in her. That determination, that spark of creativity\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was what made her special. And Matsuda knew, no matter how many obstacles lay ahead, Haruki would find a way to overcome them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She took a sip of her tea, her gaze returning to the fireflies dancing in the garden. The night was quiet, but the air felt alive with possibility. For the first time in a long time, Matsuda felt a flicker of hope\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not just for Haruki, but for herself as well.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}