{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The waves lapped gently against the stone edge of the harbour. A breeze moved through the masts and ropes, soft and salt-sweet, carrying the scent of seaweed and smoke. Eddie sat on the bench, hands tucked into his coat pockets, watching the tide shift. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to be anywhere. Not right now.}
\par\plain {Will and Ashley were gone. He could still picture the way Will clapped his back\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 too hard, grinning like nothing had changed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hug, brief but tight. She\u8217\'92d wiped her eyes when she pulled away. Then they were walking down the pier, their silhouettes fading into the crowd, like a page turning.}
\par\plain {Now it was just Eddie. Alone, but not lonely.}
\par\plain {The past year felt like it belonged to someone else. Or maybe it had only ever been waiting for him to catch up.}
\par\plain {He stared out at the boats, the slow glint of sunlight on the water, the glimmer of distant towers beyond the curve of the harbour. Edenfield. It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel foreign anymore.}
\par\plain {There was a quiet inside him. Not the numb kind. Not the kind that came with doubt or fear. A settled quiet, like dust finally falling after a storm. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel like he had all the answers. But he wasn\u8217\'92t chasing them anymore. He was here.}
\par\plain {The bench creaked slightly as he shifted. His fingers brushed something in his coat pocket\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a smooth, misshapen stone. He pulled it out and turned it in his palm. One of his first failed transmutations, or what he used to think was a failure. The thing was ugly, uneven, half-glass, half-char. But in the light, it caught a warm, amber glow. Almost like it had decided what it wanted to be, after all.}
\par\plain {The wind brushed through his hair, cool and clean, carrying with it the hush of the coming evening. The sky above Bright Harbour had begun to soften into violet, the first stars timidly blinking awake. Eddie closed his eyes for a moment, letting the breeze wash over him. The salt. The hush. The steady pulse of waves against stone.}
\par\plain {Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \line }{\f0\fs24\i1 clack. clack. clack.}
\par\plain {Footsteps. Sharp, deliberate. Boots on cobblestone.}
\par\plain {He opened his eyes but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t turn right away.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this seat occupied?\u8221\'94 the voice asked\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dry, slightly amused, with the same precise cadence he remembered.}
\par\plain {Eddie glanced to his right.}
\par\plain {Short red hair, windswept but neat. A sharp jawline. And just above the collar of her coat, the distinct point of an Elven ear catching the light.}
\par\plain {She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t smile, not really. But there was a softness around her eyes that hadn\u8217\'92t been there the last time he saw her.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, shifting slightly to the side. \u8220\'93Suit yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She sat without a word, folding her coat neatly beneath her as if the bench were a chair in a grand hall. For a moment, neither of them spoke.}
\par\plain {They just looked out at the water, two silhouettes beneath the gathering stars.}
\par\plain {Catherine shifted slightly, one boot crossing over the other.\line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice quieter now, \u8220\'93how\u8217\'92s Edenfield treating you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie leaned back on the bench, head tilting as he watched a distant fishing boat drift along the bay. He thought for a moment.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s been\u8230\'85 an experience,\u8221\'94 he said finally. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never been far from home before. Let alone to a place this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 different. Edenfield has its own rhythm, its own language. Even the air feels like it belongs to a different world.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He paused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think\u8230\'85 just being here changed me. The way I think. The way I see people. Myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer right away. But when she did, her voice held the calm weight of someone who\u8217\'92d long made peace with discomfort.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the nature of Alchemy,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know what you\u8217\'92re truly made of until you\u8217\'92re broken down to your most essential essence.\u8221\'94 She paused, her gaze still on the water. \u8220\'93But being broken down hurts. No one likes it. We pretend we do, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 truth is, sometimes we just want to snap. Just to escape the pressure of change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond. He sat with that. The words worked their way inside him like a gentle current.}
\par\plain {And then, quietly, he spoke.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not over if you deem it\u8217\'92s not over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine turned her head. For once, surprise flickered across her face.}
\par\plain {A moment passed.}
\par\plain {Then she smiled\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not her usual wry smirk, but something smaller. Warmer.}
\par\plain {She echoed it softly.\line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not over if you deem it\u8217\'92s not over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {They sat in silence for a while. The sea moved slowly before them, as if the whole world had exhaled.}
\par\plain {Then, without looking at him, Catherine spoke.\line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So\u8230\'85 are you going back to Oregon?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. It\u8217\'92s summer break, after all.\u8221\'94\line He paused, then added, \u8220\'93Kind of feeling homesick. Thought I wouldn\u8217\'92t, but\u8230\'85 I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She hummed softly in response. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t judgmental\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just acknowledgement.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What about you?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked, glancing sideways. \u8220\'93Where are }{\f0\fs24\i1 you}{ going?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips twitched, just a hint of mischief in the corner of her mouth. She rested her arms on her knees, still watching the harbour.\line \u8220\'93Everywhere,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93So\u8230\'85 that\u8217\'92s where I\u8217\'92m going.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie let out a quiet laugh through his nose. That was the most Catherine answer possible.}
\par\plain {She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t elaborate, and he didn\u8217\'92t push. The wind picked up slightly, and a gull called overhead. Somewhere far off, bells chimed across the city.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain }