{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Days dissolved into weeks like pages torn from a calendar\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 each one marked by ink-stained fingers, crumpled lyric sheets, and the ever-present scent of Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chamomile tea steeping in the Editorial Room. The room, once pristine with Honoka\u8217\'92s compulsive order, gradually surrendered to the chaos of creation: guitar picks embedded in the tatami mats, teacups ringed with forgotten stains, and draft after draft of lyrics papering the walls like stubborn autumn leaves refusing to fall.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki watched the evolution with quiet satisfaction. The song had grown roots\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rough chords blossoming under Honoka\u8217\'92s meticulous phrasing, Ryo\u8217\'92s drumming finding syncopated rhythm with Jun\u8217\'92s brassy countermelodies. Even the air smelled different now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 less like lemon polish and more like\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 possibility}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , tinged with Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cologne and Honoka\u8217\'92s lavender-scented erasers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then came the afternoon Haruki arrived late, her footsteps muffled by the hallway\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s summer hush. Through the editorial room\u8217\'92s half-open door, she saw them: Honoka bent over a notebook, her brow furrowed in that endearing way it did when she wrestled with a stubborn metaphor. Nagano sat closer than usual\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no guitar between them today, just a shared dictionary passed back and forth, his calloused finger tracing a word that made Honoka laugh softly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No bandmates. No audience. Just two people leaning into the same light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand froze on the doorknob. A smile curled at the edges of her mouth as she stepped back\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 not today}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Let them have this unobserved moment, this fragile, ordinary magic. She turned on her heel, the wooden floors silent beneath her sneakers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Outside, the sun hung heavy and golden over the school gates. Haruki tilted her face to its warmth, humming their unfinished melody. Some bridges, she thought, needed to be built without witnesses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The song had taken on a life of its own now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no longer just ink on piece of notebook paper, but something that pulsed through the walls of Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s makeshift studio. Haruki watched as Honoka, once so hesitant to speak above a whisper, now leaned over Nagano\u8217\'92s shoulder to point at sheet music, her laughter ringing clear as Jun\u8217\'92s trumpet notes. The lyrics they\u8217\'92d agonized over for weeks had become second nature, sung absentmindedly while Ryo tuned his drums or when Nagano tested a new riff, his calloused fingers finding the chords by muscle memory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What began as lyric-writing sessions had evolved into full-fledged rehearsals. Haruki often found herself perched on an amp, clapping along as they workshopped the bridge for the twentieth time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Nagano scowling at his guitar when a note resisted him. Sometimes Haruki and Honoka became their first test audience, singing along until their voices frayed at the edges. Honoka, who used to mouth poetry silently in library corners, now belted lyrics with her hands cupped around her mouth like a megaphone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 When they invited the baseball team and Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s classmates for an impromptu gig, the room had buzzed with the kind of energy that made the windows rattle. By the final chorus, even the most skeptical listeners were stomping their feet in time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But the real transformation happened in the quiet moments after.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At first, it was the usual routine: Haruki and Honoka riding the late tram home, dissecting every chord change and lyric tweak while the city lights blurred past. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then one evening, Honoka bit her lip as the tram approached\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Nagano-kun offered to drive me home on his motorcycle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki had to physically restrain her grin.\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Better hurry then. Your chariot awaits, princess.\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~She shoved Honoka toward the parking lot where Nagano waited, helmet tucked under his arm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soon, it became routine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Honoka climbing onto Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s motorcycle, her arms tentative around his waist at first, then sure as a melody finding its rhythm. Haruki would wave them off, the bike\u8217\'92s growl fading into the city\u8217\'92s hum, and board the tram alone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tonight, Haruki stood alone on the tram platform, watching red taillights carve through the city dark\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bike weaving toward the riverbank route he\u8217\'92d confessed was his favorite. The breeze carried back Honoka\u8217\'92s laughter, bright as the trumpet\u8217\'92s high notes.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 On the evening on the next day, the school bell's shrill cry sent a ripple of motion through the hallway as students spilled from classrooms like marbles from a split bag. Haruki fell into step beside Honoka, their shoulders brushing in the familiar rhythm of after-school departures. But today, Honoka's steps hitched at the stairwell\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that tiny, telltale pause.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I, um\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 "}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Honoka adjusted her bookstrap, fingers worrying the frayed edge.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "I need to stop by the music room first."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Better hurry then,"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Haruki grinned, nudging her toward the east wing.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Wouldn't want to keep a certain guitarist waiting."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka's elbow connected with Haruki's ribs, but her lips quirked upward.\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Shut up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Break a leg! Not literally!"}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Haruki called after her as Honoka disappeared down the corridor, her usual measured pace giving way to something dangerously close to a skip.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Alone now, Haruki meandered toward the shoe lockers, the soles of her loafers scuffing against waxed linoleum. The late afternoon sun slanted through the windows, painting long gold rectangles across the floorboards\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like stepping stones leading somewhere new.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Fujiyama-san!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki turned to find Sakura trotting to catch up, her bobbed hair bouncing with each step. The late afternoon sun caught the red ribbon in her hair - the same shade as the motorcycle gang's insignia Nagano's crew painted on their jackets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "You look like you've swallowed a persimmon whole," Sakura said, falling into step beside Haruki. "Where's your other half? Did Aoki-san finally get tired of you?" She bumped Haruki's shoulder playfully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki rolled her eyes. "We're not twins, you know."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sakura gasped dramatically. "Could've fooled me, you two looked simmilar! Ever since you transferred in, you two have been..." She mimed gluing her hands together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They passed a group of girls practicing cheerleading routines in the courtyard, their chants punctuated by the rhythmic smack of volleyball practice nearby. The air smelled of freshly cut grass and the faint metallic tang of the bicycle racks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Seriously though," Sakura continued, "Nagano's been skipping our lunch breaks too. Ryo says he's always running off somewhere with sheet music." She plucked a leaf from a low-hanging maple branch, twirling it between her fingers. "You'd think he was preparing for the end of summer festival with how secretive he's been."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki bit back a smile. "Maybe he found something more interesting than listening to you complain about math tests."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Ouch!" Sakura clutched her chest. "And here I thought we were friends, Fujiyama-san."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They reached the shoe lockers, where Sakura paused to retie her sneaker. "So?" She peered up at Haruki. "What's the big secret? Did our resident delinquent finally hits off with someone?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The realization hit like a well-thrown dodgeball. Sakura's fingers froze mid-knot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Wait. Nagano's been disappearing. Aoki-san's been absent. And you're walking alone..." She slowly straightened, eyes widening. "No. Way\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 Are you implying that\u8230\'85"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki's smirk was all the confirmation she needed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Finally!" Sakura clapped her hands together, loud enough that a passing teacher frowned. The sound echoed through the hallway like a firecracker. "I thought she'd marry a book before a boy!" She hooked her arm through Haruki's, steering them toward the exit with renewed energy. "Details. Now. How long? Who confessed first? Have they\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Don't you have club activities?" Haruki deflected, laughing as Sakura nearly tripped over a stray volleyball.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Canceled! This is way more important than calligraphy practice!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As Haruki chattered about rumors and secret admirers, she cast one last glance over her shoulder at the empty hallway. Somewhere beyond those walls, Honoka was probably laughing at one of Nagano's terrible jokes, her cheeks pink with something brighter than embarrassment.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki tucked her hands in her pockets, smiling at the peeling festival poster on the school board. Right on schedule\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just faster, messier,\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 better}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~than any plan. Like the song, like summer, like love itself, the pieces had found their own rhythm.}}