{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki was fast asleep, her breathing steady as she sprawled on the iron-framed bed. The events of the previous day had left her exhausted, and she had fallen into a deep, dreamless sleep. The cabin was quiet, the only sound the faint rustling of leaves outside the window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But then, a knock broke the silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was soft at first, almost tentative\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a single tap on the window. Haruki stirred slightly, her brow furrowing, but she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wake. A moment later, the knock came again, louder this time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki groaned, pulling the pillow over her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go away,\u8221\'94 she mumbled, her voice muffled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The knocking persisted, growing more insistent. Tap. Tap. Tap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki sat up suddenly, her hair a mess and her eyes bleary with sleep. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it?\u8221\'94 she snapped, her voice tinged with annoyance. She glared at the window, but the curtains were drawn, and she couldn\u8217\'92t see who\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or what\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With a sigh, she threw off the covers and swung her legs over the side of the bed. Her feet hit the cool wooden floor, and she shuffled toward the door, rubbing her eyes. She unlocked it and pulled it open, squinting against the early morning light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Standing on the doorstep was a figure she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t expected to see.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It was Sakura, standing on the doorstep with a bright smile. Behind her, the boys from the motorcycle gang were gathered, chatting and laughing. Nagano was among them, his guitar slung over his shoulder. When he saw Haruki open the door, he waved enthusiastically.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Morning, Haruki-chan!\u8221\'94 he called, his grin wide and carefree.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki blinked, still groggy from sleep. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8230\'85 what are you all doing here?\u8221\'94 she asked, her voice tinged with confusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sakura stepped forward, her hands clasped behind her back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We thought you lived somewhere close by, so we decided to visit,\u8221\'94 she explained. \u8220\'93Or, more accurately, Nagano-kun took quite a liking to you and decided to invite you to spend Saturday with us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stared at her, trying to process what she was hearing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, what?\u8221\'94 she said, her voice slow and disbelieving. Maybe it was the grogginess, but this felt like something out of a dream.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano stepped forward, his hands in his pockets. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you\u8217\'92re new here, right?\u8221\'94 he said, his tone casual but kind. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s important to have friends you can depend on. And honestly, you are rebellious and impulsive, I think you\u8217\'92ll fit with us.\u8221\'94 He grinned, clearly teasing her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki chuckled, taking it as a compliment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks, I think,\u8221\'94 she said, her lips curling into a small smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sakura glanced past Haruki into the cabin, her expression curious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By the way, does your grandfather mind if you come with us? We heard you live with your grandparents. We don\u8217\'92t want to get you in trouble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki froze for a moment, her mind racing. She had completely forgotten about the lie she had told about living with her grandfather. Thinking quickly, she turned her head slightly and called into the empty cabin, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grandpa, is it okay if I go out with my friends? I\u8217\'92ll be back before nightfall!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She paused for a moment, as if listening to a response, then turned back to Sakura with a sheepish smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He says it\u8217\'92s fine, as long as I\u8217\'92m back before dark.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano, leaning against his motorcycle with his usual careless grin, chimed in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe you can just sneak out, Haruki. Your old man wouldn\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94 He winked, clearly teasing her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sakura shot him a disapproving look, her hands on her hips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re horrible! Haruki could get in trouble!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano shrugged, unfazed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I sneak out all the time. My old man doesn\u8217\'92t care. He\u8217\'92s too busy with work to notice, anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sakura rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You definitely don\u8217\'92t know what it\u8217\'92s like to be a girl, Nagano. We can\u8217\'92t just do whatever we want. People talk, and it\u8217\'92s always us who get blamed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano raised an eyebrow, his grin fading slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I guess you\u8217\'92re right. It\u8217\'92s not fair, but that\u8217\'92s just how it is, huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright then,\u8221\'94 she said, turning back to Haruki. \u8220\'93Go get ready. We\u8217\'92ll wait by the road at our usual spot.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki nodded and closed the door, leaning against it for a moment as she let out a quiet sigh of relief. That had been close. She hurried to the bedroom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki opened the wardrobe in her bedroom, discovering that the clothes there all looked vintage. Well, they\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 were}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~vintage\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or rather, they were the height of fashion in this time. But to her, they looked old-fashioned and unfamiliar. Haruki was used to her baggy hoodie, skinny jeans, and sneakers, but it seemed that style of fashion hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t made its way to 1961 yet. With a sigh, she pulled out a plain polo shirt, a cardigan, and one of the skirts that seemed to dominate the wardrobe. She slipped them on, feeling oddly out of place in her own skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Standing in front of the mirror, she paused. The reflection staring back at her looked\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 different. The polo shirt and skirt gave her a polished, almost prim appearance, and the cardigan softened her edges in a way that felt strangely comforting. But what struck her most was how much she resembled her mother. It shouldn\u8217\'92t have surprised her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Honoka probably dressed the same way at this age\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but the realization still caught her off guard. For a moment, she felt a pang of something she couldn\u8217\'92t quite name. Longing? Nostalgia? Or maybe just the bittersweet ache of seeing herself in someone she thought she knew so little about.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Shaking off the thought, Haruki grabbed her sketchbook and tucked it under her arm. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know where they were going, but she wasn\u8217\'92t about to leave without it. Taking a deep breath, she walked out the door and joined her friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The group was waiting by the road, their motorcycles gleaming in the morning sun. Nagano was leaning against his bike, strumming his guitar absently, while Sakura chatted with the other boys. When Haruki approached, Sakura turned and smiled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There you are! You look nice,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone warm and genuine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki glanced down at her outfit, feeling self-conscious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks. I guess this is what everyone wears here, huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano looked up from his guitar, his eyes scanning her with a playful grin. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but you make it look cool. Not everyone can pull off the \u8216\'91serious student\u8217\'92 look.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki rolled her eyes, but she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help smiling. \u8220\'93Thanks, I think.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sakura laughed, linking her arm with Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t mind him. He thinks he\u8217\'92s funny, but we all know better.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano feigned offense, clutching his chest dramatically. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ouch, Sakura. You wound me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The group erupted into laughter, and Haruki felt a flicker of warmth in her chest. It was strange, being here with these people who felt so familiar yet so different from the parents she knew. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, where are we going?\u8221\'94 Haruki asked, glancing around at the group.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano slung his guitar over his shoulder and hopped onto his motorcycle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a surprise. But trust me, you\u8217\'92re gonna love it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Sakura nudged Haruki gently. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, we\u8217\'92ll take care of you. Just hold on tight, okay?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki nodded, though a small knot of nervousness tightened in her stomach. She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never ridden a motorcycle before, and the idea of speeding through the countryside with Nagano at the helm was equal parts thrilling and terrifying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As the engines roared to life, Haruki climbed onto the back of Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bike. The wind tugged at her hair as they sped down the road, the world blurring into a kaleidoscope of green fields and blue sky. For a moment, she forgot about the lies, the secrets, and the weight of her situation. She was just Haruki, a girl on an adventure with her friends, and for now, that was enough.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki tagged along with her newfound friends, the warmth of the morning sun on her skin and the promise of adventure in the air. The day unfolded like a dream, each moment blending into the next in a whirlwind of laughter and shared experiences.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Their first stop was a dusty baseball field on the outskirts of town. The gang spread out across the field, their shouts and laughter echoing in the open space. Haruki had never been much of an athlete, but the energy was infectious. Nagano handed her a bat, his grin wide and encouraging.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Haruki-chan! Show us what you\u8217\'92ve got!\u8221\'94 he called, tossing a ball into the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki gripped the bat, her heart pounding with a mix of excitement and nervousness. The first few swings were clumsy, the bat cutting through empty air, but then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 crack!}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The ball soared into the sky, and the group erupted into cheers. Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face lit up with a grin as she ran the bases, her feet kicking up clouds of dust. She even managed to catch a few balls, her hands stinging from the impact but her spirits soaring. For the first time in what felt like forever, she felt carefree, like she belonged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 By noon, they made their way to the port town, the salty breeze tugging at their hair. Haruki had never been here before, not even in her own time. The sight took her breath away\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 rows of ships bobbing gently in the harbor, their masts reaching toward the sky like skeletal fingers. The water sparkled under the midday sun, and the air was filled with the sounds of seagulls and distant chatter. They found a spot to sit and unpacked their lunches, sharing stories and jokes as they ate. Haruki couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but marvel at how alive everything felt, how different it was from the quiet, almost ghostly port she knew in the future.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As the afternoon faded into evening, they headed to the beach. The sand was warm beneath their feet, and the waves lapped gently at the shore. Someone produced a volleyball, and soon they were diving and laughing, their shouts mingling with the sound of the surf. Haruki played with abandon, her cheeks flushed and her hair wild. When the sun began to dip below the horizon, painting the sky in shades of purple and orange, they finally stopped to catch their breath. They sat together on the sand, watching the sun sink into the sea, the world bathed in a golden glow. Haruki felt a quiet contentment settle over her, a sense of peace she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t known she was missing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As the last light faded, they made their way back to the usual spot near the forest, not far from Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cabin. Nagano and his friends revved their engines, ready to head home, but Haruki hesitated. She caught Nagano\u8217\'92s eye and gestured for him to stay.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I talk to you for a minute?\u8221\'94 she asked, her voice soft but steady.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano nodded, waving his friends on. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go ahead, I\u8217\'92ll catch up,\u8221\'94 he called. The others roared off into the night, their laughter fading into the distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki led Nagano to a small wooden shelter near the edge of the forest. The air was cool now, the scent of pine and earth filling her lungs. She sat down on the bench, her hands clasped in her lap, and Nagano settled beside her, his guitar resting against his knee.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano teased her, a mischievous glint in his eye. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is this, a confession from the new girl?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cheeks flushed, and she shot him a look. \u8220\'93What, no! You\u8217\'92re weird!\u8221\'94 she retorted, though there was no real heat in her words. It was strange, bantering with someone who was technically her father\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or at least, the younger version of him. The thought made her stomach twist with a mix of amusement and unease.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano held up his hands in mock surrender. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, okay, geez. I was just kidding.\u8221\'94 He leaned back, his tone softening. \u8220\'93So, what\u8217\'92s on your mind?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki took a deep breath, her heart pounding. This was it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the moment she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been waiting for. She turned to him, her eyes searching his face in the dim light. \u8220\'93I just\u8230\'85 I wanted to thank you. For today. It was\u8230\'85 amazing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano grinned, his usual carefree self. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, no need to thank me. You\u8217\'92re one of us now, remember?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Haruki smiled, though her chest felt tight. She looked away, her gaze drifting to the fireflies that had begun to gather in the bushes around them. Their tiny lights flickered like stars, casting a soft glow over the clearing. The cicadas\u8217\'92 rhythmic chirping filled the air, a soothing backdrop to the silence that settled between them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For a while, they just sat there, side by side, watching as the town below began to light up. The orange glow of gas lamps and fluorescent lights spread like a warm blanket over the landscape, contrasting with the cool, dark forest around them. Haruki felt a strange sense of peace, as if the world had paused just for this moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s beautiful, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94 Nagano said quietly, his voice almost a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki nodded, her throat too tight to speak. She wanted to say more\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to tell him how much this day had meant to her, how much\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 he}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~meant to her, even if he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know it yet. But the words stuck in her throat, tangled up with the fear of saying too much, of revealing the truth she couldn\u8217\'92t yet share.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Instead, she glanced at him, taking in the way the faint light softened his features. He looked so young, so full of life, so different from the stern, distant man she knew in the future. It was hard to reconcile the two versions of him in her mind\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the carefree boy sitting beside her and the father who had always seemed so unapproachable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nagano-kun,\u8221\'94 she began hesitantly, \u8220\'93do you ever think about the future? About what you want your life to be like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano gave a dry laugh, the sound hollow and tinged with bitterness. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t need to think about it,\u8221\'94 he said, leaning back against the wooden bench. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s already been decided for me since I was born.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki frowned, her chest tightening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be taking my father\u8217\'92s position as the chairman of his automotive company,\u8221\'94 Nagano replied, his tone matter-of-fact, as if he were reciting a script he\u8217\'92d memorized long ago.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The words hit Haruki like a punch to the gut. Of course\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that was her father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s job in the present. The job that had consumed his life, leaving little room for anything else. She remembered the long nights he\u8217\'92d spent at the office, the weekends he\u8217\'92d missed, the way he\u8217\'92d always seemed so distant, so tired. It was a life she had resented, but now, hearing Nagano speak about it with such resignation, she felt a pang of guilt. This was the weight he had carried, even before she was born.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano continued, his voice low and tinged with a quiet sadness. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93After high school, this\u8217\'92ll probably be the last bit of fun I\u8217\'92ll have in my life. My father wants me to continue the company. He wants me to study engineering and economics, then take over when he retires.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart ached for him. \u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t you just\u8230\'85 say no?\u8221\'94 she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano shook his head, his expression grim. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have a choice. My father built that company from the ground up, even since the war. He survived all of that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the bombings, the hunger, the loss\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and he made something out of nothing. I can\u8217\'92t just throw that away. I don\u8217\'92t want to disappoint him. And if I fail\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He trailed off, his gaze dropping to the ground. \u8220\'93If I fail, I don\u8217\'92t want to drag my family down with me for generations.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki felt a lump rise in her throat. She had never thought about it like that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 about the sacrifices her father had made, the weight of his responsibilities. She had only seen the man who was never there, not the boy who had given up his dreams to carry the burden of his family\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s legacy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nagano-kun,\u8221\'94 she said softly, \u8220\'93if you had a choice\u8230\'85 what would you want to become?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For a moment, Nagano was silent, his fingers absently tracing the edge of his guitar. Then, a small smile tugged at his lips, and his eyes lit up with a dreamy, faraway look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A musician,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice soft but full of longing. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d want to play in front of a big crowd one day, to see people laughing and dancing and having fun because of my music. That\u8217\'92s the dream, you know? To make people happy with something I created.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest tightened as she watched him. For the first time, she saw the passion in his eyes, the spark of something that had been buried under layers of duty and expectation. But just as quickly as it had appeared, the light in his eyes dimmed, and his expression turned somber.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s just a dream,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice heavy with resignation. \u8220\'93Once high school is over, I\u8217\'92ll have to abandon my guitar, sell my motorcycle, and go to university to study engineering. That\u8217\'92s just how it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The finality in his words made Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart ache. She wanted to say something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to tell him that he didn\u8217\'92t have to give up, that he could chase his dreams and still make his father proud. But the words stuck in her throat. How could she, of all people, tell him that? She knew how his story ended, and it wasn\u8217\'92t with a stage and a cheering crowd.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano stood up, brushing off his pants and grabbing the keys to his motorcycle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well then, sorry to make the atmosphere so blue,\u8221\'94 he said, forcing a faint chuckle. \u8220\'93You have to go home too, Haruki. It\u8217\'92s already late, and your old man will\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 But before he could finish, Haruki scrambled to her feet, her heart pounding in her chest. She took a quick step forward, closing the distance between them, and before Nagano could react, she threw her arms around him in a tight, desperate hug. Her face pressed into his striped shirt, the fabric soft against her tear-streaked cheeks. Nagano recoiled slightly, caught off guard, his body leaning back against his motorcycle for balance. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93H-hey, what are you\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ?\u8221\'94 Nagano stammered, his arms hovering awkwardly at his sides.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry you have to go through all of that,\u8221\'94 Haruki said, her voice cracking. She buried her face deeper into his shirt, her tears soaking into the fabric. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know how much you sacrificed, or how heavy the weight is on your shoulders.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano hesitated, then slowly brought his arms up to pat her back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93H-hey now,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice softer now, \u8220\'93it\u8217\'92s nothing for you to worry about, Haruki. I can always manage, you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But Haruki didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let go. She clung to him, her fingers gripping the back of his shirt as if she could somehow anchor him to this moment, to this version of himself. She couldn\u8217\'92t remember the last time she had hugged her father in the present\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the real Nagano, the one who was always too busy, too distant. The last time might have been when she was a little girl, scraped and crying after falling during a game of tag. She remembered how he had rushed to her then, scooping her up and holding her close, his hand patting her back just like this. And she remembered the words he had always said to her, the words that now echoed in her mind as Nagano spoke them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Calm down now,\u8221\'94 Nagano said, his voice gentle as he patted her back. \u8220\'93No need to be sad. Everything is okay.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest tightened, and for a moment, she couldn\u8217\'92t breathe. She wanted to stay like this forever, to hold onto this version of her father who was still kind, still hopeful, still dreaming. But eventually, she pulled away, her face a mess of tears and snot. She wiped her cheeks with the sleeve of her cardigan, sniffing loudly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 she stammered, her voice trembling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, it\u8217\'92s okay,\u8221\'94 Nagano said, his tone reassuring. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s sad, I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, as if to lighten the mood, he flashed her a teasing smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because, you know, if I did become a musician, who knows? I might accidentally sweep you off your feet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sniffles turned into a laugh, and she gave him a playful shove. \u8220\'93You are the worst!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Both of them laughed, the sound echoing in the quiet night. For a moment, the weight of everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the lies, the secrets, the unspoken truths\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 felt a little lighter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright now,\u8221\'94 Nagano said, mounting his motorcycle and starting the engine. \u8220\'93You should go home. Your grandpa might already be looking for you.\u8221\'94 He put on his helmet, his voice muffled but still teasing. \u8220\'93And wipe your tears while you\u8217\'92re at it. If your gramps finds out I made you cry, he might start hunting me down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki chuckled, wiping her face with her cardigan. She watched as Nagano revved the engine, the sound cutting through the stillness of the night. He gave her a quick wave before driving off, his silhouette growing smaller and smaller as he disappeared down the road.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stood there for a moment, the cool night air brushing against her skin. The fireflies still flickered around her, their tiny lights dancing in the darkness. She took a deep breath, the scent of pine and earth filling her lungs, and began the walk back to the cabin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As she walked, her mind replayed the evening\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the laughter, the tears, the way Nagano had patted her back just like her father used to. She thought about his dreams, his resignation, and the weight he carried. And she thought about her own role in all of this. Could she change anything? Could she help him hold onto the part of himself that still dreamed, even if it was just a little?}}