{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie drifted awake.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At first, there was warmth\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the kind that seeped into his bones, heavy and lulling. Then came the weight pressing down on him, the dull ache that pulsed with each breath, tethering him back to reality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Light filtered through stained-glass panels above, casting fragmented hues of crimson, sapphire, and emerald across the ceiling. The colors shifted as the breeze stirred the silken curtains surrounding the beds, sending ripples of light across the room. He blinked against it, his vision hazy, the shapes around him swimming into focus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ward was vast and open, lined with pristine white beds, each separated by shimmering silk drapes that glowed faintly in the shifting light. The air was thick with the scent of herbs and incense, laced with an eerie sort of quiet, still and controlled. Faint murmurs wove through the silence, rhythmic incantations carried on soft voices. The hum of magic pulsed in the air, subtle yet undeniable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Healers moved gracefully between the beds, their robes flowing like water with each step. Their hands glowed as they worked, weaving healing spells with careful precision. Eddie watched them through half-lidded eyes, the sight stirring an unease deep in his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He tried to move. A sharp pull in his side stopped him. A hiss of pain escaped through clenched teeth. He dragged his gaze downward, finding his chest bound in fresh white bandages. The faint scent of salves clung to them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 earthy, sharp, and strangely familiar. His brown wool jacket was gone, replaced by a loose, soft robe.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Memories surfaced sluggishly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Deep Glaive. Catherine. The Nightingale Dragon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fight. The cold bite of exhaustion. The weightlessness of his body giving in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had blacked out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His breath wavered slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie turned his head, taking in his surroundings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beside his bed, a small wooden table held a single cupcake, its frosting slightly smudged. Next to it, a familiar little box rested, its lid ajar. His chest tightened, recognition settling in before his mind had fully caught up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two envelopes lay beside the cupcake, each scrawled in distinct, familiar handwriting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For the first time since waking, something other than the heaviness in his limbs stirred inside him.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He reached for the box first, lifting it open. Inside was his jade ring, the heavy silver bands coarse against his fingertips. Another note was tucked beneath it, the handwriting unmistakably his sister Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s. He unfolded it and started reading: }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, figured you might want your antique ring back! Don\u8217\'92t worry, though\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 Dad said he\u8217\'92s buying a better one for me. ;) Take care of yourself, Eddie. Mom, Dad, Markus, and everyone at the Apothecary send their love.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but chuckle. The familiar warmth of Torrie\u8217\'92s humour worked its way through his lingering exhaustion. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned the ring over in his hands. It was once an extension of himself, a part of who he was before... before everything changed. There was still a reluctance within him. He was hesitant about picking it back up, about returning to the world of Alchemy. But here it was, given back to him with a laugh as if it were no more than an old toy. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Setting the note aside, Eddie reached for the second letter. The paper was thicker. The handwriting was unmistakably his mother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 precise, sharp, and severe. His stomach knotted as he unfolded it, already sensing the anger etched into every line. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Eddie,}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I hope you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re reading this with both eyes open and your head still attached, because I have a lot to say. First of all\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 what in the world were you thinking?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Catherine told me she was taking you, Torrie, and Markus to see the old ruins. THE RUINS. She did not mention anything about a dangerous, unpredictable Illusory Forest! I trusted her to keep you all safe, and instead, you come back bruised, battered, and unconscious in a hospital bed. Do you have any idea what that put me through? Do you have any idea how close I was to marching down there myself?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 And as for Catherine\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 oh, she is getting an earful when she returns. You can be sure of that.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 That being said... I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m relieved. More than I can put into words. You and Catherine may be worse for wear, but you\u8217\'92re alive. You\u8217\'92re safe. That\u8217\'92s what matters most. Even if you scared ten years off my life.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 Mom}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 P.S.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Your father is devastated about the rifle. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s been muttering about it for hours. Do you know how long he\u8217\'92s had that thing? If you were hoping for a dramatic, heartfelt fatherly lecture, well\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 tough luck. He\u8217\'92s too busy mourning his \u8216\'91poor, faithful companion\u8217\'92 to be mad at you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie exhaled through his nose, amused and guilty. His mother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words stung, but not in an unfair way\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he really hadn\u8217\'92t thought he\u8217\'92d get into }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  much trouble when he agreed to follow Catherine. But he did. And yet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He ran a hand through his hair, sinking back into the pillows. Even with the bruises, the exhaustion, and the scolding he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d surely get once he was home, a part of him couldn\u8217\'92t deny it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92d had more thrill, more excitement, more }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 life}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in those few days than he had in years.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A quiet chuckle escaped him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then a thought stirred. A vague, nagging feeling that he was forgetting something.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t there something important happening at the end of December?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He frowned, trying to sift through his sluggish memory, but nothing surfaced. His mind felt like a fogged-up window, the answer just out of reach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His eyes drifted to the calendar hanging on the wall opposite him.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 3rd of January, 1928.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Huh.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 How had he lost track of time? It felt like he had only been out for a few hours, maybe a day. But a whole new year had begun without him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A strange unease settled in his chest, but before he could dwell on it, his gaze landed on the last unopened letter on his bedside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Right. There was one more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie turned the letter over in his hands, frowning. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like the others. The paper was stiff, slightly worn at the edges, as if it had been folded and unfolded too many times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he saw the writing on the envelope.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Sage Institute Scholarship Referral for University Program.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His breath caught.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Below it, written in the neat, official script of an academy scribe:}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Recipient: Edward Welton of Weshaven.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And at the bottom, the final line\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the one that made his stomach drop:}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Referral valid until the 29th of December, 1927.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His heart sank. The scholarship he had once fought so hard for\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the one that had been his golden ticket to a future in Alchemy, the one that had been shoved in his pocket, ignored, carried with him all this time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was finally, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 officially}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  expired.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A hollow silence filled his chest.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The weight of the letter in his hands felt different now, heavier yet hollow. He had carried it for so long, stuffed it in his jacket pocket, ignored it whenever someone asked. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Why don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t you go to university, Edward? Why not Alchemy, Edward? What happened to you, Edward?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And now, finally\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 finally}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was free of it. No more questions. No more expectations. His mother wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bring it up over dinner, Torrie wouldn\u8217\'92t make her teasing remarks, Markus wouldn\u8217\'92t give him that disappointed look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was over. He was free.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 So why did it feel like he had just lost something?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A strange emptiness stretched inside him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like stepping out of a cage only to realize he had nowhere to go.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Only back to his family\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Apothecary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back to the brewing room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Making potions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His fingers slackened. The letter slipped from his grasp and landed soundlessly on the blanket. His arm dropped back onto the bed, too heavy to lift again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He tilted his head back, staring at the ceiling. The late morning light shimmered through the stained-glass windows, casting fractured patterns across the walls. He watched them flicker and shift, his mind blank.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, out of nowhere, a sting pricked at his eyes. A tightness swelled in his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sniffed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 and then Twice\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His nose was running. A flu? Did he just get a cold?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He raised a hand to wipe at his face, only to realize his fingers were damp.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before he knew it, his vision blurred. His shoulders trembled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie frowned, wiping them away quickly, but they kept coming and coming. Silent and stubborn. He swiped at his nose, frustrated, confused.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why was he crying?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care about the damn letter.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care about the damn university scholarship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But his body betrayed him. His chest ached. His breath came in shallow, uneven gasps as the tears refused to stop.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He clenched his jaw, pressing his palms against his eyes as if that would stop them. But his emotions protested, breaking past his defenses, spilling over in quiet, shuddering breaths.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And for the first time in a long while, Eddie let himself feel it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie carefully swung his legs over the edge of the bed, testing his strength as his feet touched the cool floor. His chest ached under the bandages. Every movement sent a throb of discomfort through his body. The letter lay tucked back into his jacket, hidden away once more. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to look at it. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His stomach grumbled. Right\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t eaten since\u8230\'85 when? He exhaled, rubbing his eyes before pushing himself up. His limbs felt sluggish, weighed down by exhaustion, but hunger gnawed at him enough to force him forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stood slowly, wobbling slightly as his body adjusted to the weight of his injuries. His hands instinctively reached for the bedside table for balance. His body protested, but he ignored it, moving past the silk curtains and into the open ward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The space was still and bright, golden light filtering through the stained glass. Healers drifted between beds, their robes trailing soundlessly behind them. Soft murmurs of magic wove through the air, mixing with the faint scent of herbal salves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t made it far before a voice called out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, but you shouldn\u8217\'92t be up yet, Mr. Welton.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie turned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A healer stood nearby, watching him with a raised brow. She was a tall, willowy woman with auburn hair pinned in a loose bun. The glow of healing magic still shimmered faintly around her hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Noticing his face, the healer asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you alright?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  um,\u8221\'94 He straightened, attempting a polite smile. \u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92m alright. Just got a bit of a cold.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her skeptical gaze flickered over him, lingering on the paleness of his face, the sluggish way he held himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A cold, hm?\u8221\'94 she said dryly. \u8220\'93Well, your ribs might disagree.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie huffed a quiet chuckle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair point.\u8221\'94 He cleared his throat. \u8220\'93I was just wondering\u8230\'85 is there anywhere I could get coffee around here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The healer sighed but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t argue. Instead, she gestured toward the hallway leading to the courtyard. \u8220\'93The hospital caf\u233\'E9 is just around the corner, near the garden.\u8221\'94 Then, with a knowing look, she added, \u8220\'93But take it slow. You\u8217\'92re still healing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He gave her a small, grateful nod. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She shook her head, muttering something about }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 reckless patients}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , before turning back to her work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie exhaled and made his way toward the courtyard.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}