{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Crazy?\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Catherine asked back, now looking back at Eddie, her eyes pierced him back. \u8220\'93Do I look crazy to you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes!\u8221\'94 Eddie groaned, \u8220\'93Yes you are! You\u8217\'92re talking about stepping into the darkness with whatever creatures that howled when we walk here! You said it yourself, Catherine! It\u8217\'92s dangerous to go beyond the Eden Flowers!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This time it\u8217\'92s different Edward.\u8221\'94 Catherine said with determination, \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t come all this way to turn back now\u8230\'85 that Artefact is out there, Edward, the ruins aren\u8217\'92t far\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Forget the artefact!\u8221\'94 Eddie said, \u8220\'93We are talking about risking your life for just\u8230\'85 a piece of history, Catherine! Let\u8217\'92s just go back, and get help or something!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine then stayed silent,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you even know what the Artefact is, Edward? The significance of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, and I don\u8217\'92t think it worth sacrificing your life over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Artefact is Codex Xerexes.\u8221\'94 Catherine said, \u8220\'93The Alchemical Codex rumored to contain the secret of transmuting the matter of a living being.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stood there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 What?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t that\u8230\'85 impossible?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine then turned her gaze towards the abyss again, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not according to the rumor circulating about that codex\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t let that go to the wrong hands\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Catherine continued, \u8220\'93Especially now that the rumors had spread.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re seriously going to risk it?" }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine folded the map, tucking it into her coat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pocket. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I am," she said simply. "You can stay here if you want. I understand."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Her words stung. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to admit that the thought of leaving the safety of the path terrified him, but the idea of letting her wander into danger alone was somehow worse.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Before Eddie could say anything, Markus stood up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His movements slow, but deliberate, as he dusted off his hands and adjusted the satchel of ingredients he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been collecting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll go with her," Markus said, his voice calm but resolute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Both Eddie and Catherine turned to him in surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What?" Eddie asked, blinking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You clearly don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to go, I get it.\u8221\'94 Markus shrugged, stepping closer. \u8220\'93This place gives me the creeps too. But I\u8217\'92m not about to let Miss Catherine go out there alone. Someone\u8217\'92s got to watch her back." }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even know what\u8217\'92s out there," }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Neither do you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Markus responded, \u8220\'93But someone\u8217\'92s got to keep her out of trouble\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus extended a hand toward Eddie. "Come on, Ed. Hand it over. If I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m going into uncharted ruins with her, I\u8217\'92m going armed."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie hesitated, the weight of his flintlock rifle suddenly feeling heavier. His instincts told him to hold onto it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Ed.\u8221\'94 Markus\u8217\'92s gaze softened, \u8220\'93Let me do something for you at least once. You can\u8217\'92t be the hero all the time, can you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unwavering gaze\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and the quiet determination behind his easygoing demeanor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 made him think twice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Fine," Eddie said reluctantly, finally handing the rifle over, along with the satchel of metal balls and gunpowder.  "Just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 don\u8217\'92t waste all the gunpowders trying to hit trees, alright?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry. I will not miss.\u8221\'94 Markus took the rifle with a small smile, slinging the rifle over his shoulder. "In fact, our next batch of potions shall have dragon scales in them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie chuckled, then watched as Markus turned to Catherine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you Markus.\u8221\'94 Catherine said with sincerity, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll make sure to watch your back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s my job ma\u8217\'92am,\u8221\'94 Markus chuckled, \u8220\'93You just focus on your treasure ahead of ya!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine chuckled. The two exchanged a brief glance of understanding, and then, without another word, they stepped off the safety of the Traveler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Path.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The golden glow of the Eden Flowers illuminated their silhouettes for a few paces before the dense forest swallowed them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The faint crunch of their boots against the underbrush grew quieter, until it was lost entirely to the eerie silence of the Heart of the Deep Glaive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stood motionless, his hands now felt significantly lighter, the weight of what had just happened settling over him like a heavy cloak. Torrie, oblivious to the gravity of the situation, was still playing with her flower crown a few paces away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a long moment, Eddie stared after them, a deep unease gnawing at his stomach.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 What if they don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t come back?}}