{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The familiar bustle of Edenfield University pulsed around Eddie, but it barely registered. His eyes were sharp, fixed, alive with fury and purpose. In his hands, a thick stack of \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Missing Person\u8221\'94 flyers, each one bearing Madeleine\u8217\'92s smile, her name, and the date she vanished.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was still out there. He could feel it in his bones. And he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t going to let her stay missing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will walked beside him, quieter, eyes scanning the crowd as if Madeleine might emerge from it any second. But it was Eddie who moved like a storm waiting to break\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his stride clipped, his jaw clenched, his every motion carried with it the weight of a vow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With every poster he plastered to a pole, a wall, a gate, it was more than paper and tape\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was a promise. Madeleine was not forgotten. She would not become just another name in a file cabinet collecting dust in the police archives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 People stared as they passed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 some with curiosity, some with pity, some with guilt. Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care. Let them look. Let them see the fire in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He pressed another flyer onto a weathered campus bulletin board, smoothing it flat with his palm. Her face stared back at him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 smiling, bright, alive.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie sank onto a weathered bench just outside the library, the sun dipping low behind the university spires, casting long amber shadows across the cobblestones. Beside him sat a half-empty bucket of glue, its rim crusted with dried paste, and a battered cardboard box overflowing with freshly printed missing person posters\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the ones he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d run off from the old Book Pirates printer, still smudged with ink in some corners.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His fingers were sticky, his shirt clung to his back, and his shoulders ached from hours of postering. But he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop moving until there was nowhere left to go. Only then did he sit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A moment later, Will returned, handing him a can of something cold and fizzy before dropping onto the bench beside him. The drink hissed softly as Eddie popped it open, the first real sound of relief either of them had heard all day.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The breeze picked up, brushing through the trees above, carrying with it the scent of fresh grass and the distant hum of campus life\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 normal, detached, as if the world hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just shifted beneath their feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie took a sip, the chill biting his throat, grounding him for a second. He stared straight ahead, silent, the posters fluttering faintly beside his feet. Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face smiled up at him from every one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will popped open his can, the fizz breaking the silence like a sigh. He took a sip, then leaned back, stretching his legs out in front of him as he eyed the fluttering posters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really think Victoria\u8217\'92s going to go through with it?\u8221\'94 he asked, not looking at Eddie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer right away. He rolled the cold can between his palms, then gave Will a sidelong glance. \u8220\'93You tell me,\u8221\'94 he said, dryly. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the one who told her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will let out a short chuckle, bouncing off Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jab. \u8220\'93Fair enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They lapsed into quiet again. A leaf scraped across the stone path in front of them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But seriously though,\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will said, turning a little more toward him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you actually think?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie exhaled, long and low. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 He hesitated, then shrugged. \u8220\'93I think she won\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94 He tapped the can against his knee. \u8220\'93She will pull away. She\u8217\'92s the type who keeps her hands clean.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t reply right away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie tilted his head, eyeing him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So why\u8217\'92d you trust her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will stared at the posters for a long moment. Then he said, quietly, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because I believe in second chances.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94 Eddie chuckled, \u8220\'93Second chances?\u8221\'94 He gave Will a look, half-curious, half incredulous. \u8220\'93I always figured you more the type to throw a punch and move on. Didn\u8217\'92t peg you for the forgiving kind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will shrugged, but there was no flippancy in it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you believe it\u8217\'92s not over if you deem it\u8217\'92s not over\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 he said, nodding toward Eddie, \u8220\'93Why can\u8217\'92t that apply to people too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked at him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s not untrustworthy,\u8221\'94 Will continued, \u8220\'93Not unless I say so. Not until she proves it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He leaned forward, elbows on knees, eyes on the distance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If I gave up on people every time they screwed up, I\u8217\'92d have no one left. And I bet you wouldn\u8217\'92t either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie said nothing for a moment. The wind tugged at the edges of the poster stack beside his feet. Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face stared up at him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 bright, kind, unknowing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fair enough,\u8221\'94 he muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie and Will sat silently for a few minutes, the kind of silence that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t need to be broken. The kind that hummed with exhaustion and quiet resolve. The late sun painted long amber streaks over the stone paths, and the paper stack at Eddie\u8217\'92s feet rustled faintly in the breeze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A voice, distant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Both heads turned, jarred from their reverie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Across the lawn, a small silhouette darted into view\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 cloak billowing, hair catching the sunlight in a flare of brunette and blonde. Ashley. She looked impossibly small from that distance, like the news itself was dragging her forward. Her pace was uneven, frantic, as she sprinted across the lawn, her figure growing sharper with every step. The sound of her boots striking pavement echoed like heartbeats.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stopped front of them, chest heaving, strands of hair stuck to her flushed face. Her black jacket hung half-off one shoulder, twisted and lopsided from the run, as if she'd barely managed to throw it on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Will\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 she gasped, trying to catch her breath. \u8220\'93Meeting at the library\u8230\'85 tonight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two stared at her, startled, adrenaline surging anew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley leaned forward, palms on her knees, trying to speak between gulps of air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Victoria\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she finally said, lifting her gaze to meet theirs. \u8220\'93She found a lead into Madeleine\u8217\'92s kidnapping.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They settled into their usual spots in the Grand Library\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back alcove. Eddie perched on the edge of the long oak table, Alchemy textbook open to a half-finished diagram, notebook balanced on his knee. Will flopped into the chair beside him, elbow propped on the table. Ashley drifted down a nearby aisle, rifling through tomes on witchcraft lore. And, behind the reception desk, Claire kept her head buried in a stack of reference scrolls, though Eddie could see the tension stiffen her shoulders whenever she thought no one was watching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will broke the silence. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seriously, you\u8217\'92re off chasing kidnappers, sneaking into Chimaera dens, and }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 still}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  thinking about Alchemy?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 He waved at Eddie\u8217\'92s open textbook and the neat rows of notes piling up. \u8220\'93Finals aren\u8217\'92t for another few months\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 have a little fun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look up. He tapped a pencil against the page. \u8220\'93Finals }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 are}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in a few months,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he said evenly. \u8220\'93If I survive whatever hellhole we\u8217\'92re about to break into, at least I won\u8217\'92t have to scramble through half a semester\u8217\'92s worth of material at the last minute.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will whistled, slapping the table with mock horror. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so glad I stuck with Bardry. I\u8217\'92d be dead by lecture two if I\u8217\'92d taken Alchemy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie glanced up at him, grin sharp. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Given how you treat your coursework\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 showing up late, doodling song lyrics in your margins\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you wouldn\u8217\'92t survive a week in Rheagan\u8217\'92s lab.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will threw his head back in laughter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, those lyrics are going to change the world one day!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hearing a knock on the door, Claire stood up, brushing a strand of hair behind her ear. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Victoria\u8217\'92s here,\u8221\'94 she announced, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Claire then rose from her stool at the reception desk. She strode to the heavy wooden door, produced a small brass key, and slid the lock open with a practiced click.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door swung inward, and Victoria stepped into the lamplit hush of the library, flanked by two of her closest allies on the Student Council\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 each in similarly tailored blazers and perfectly pleated skirts. Their polished shoes tapped softly on the marble floor as they entered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze swept the long oak table where Eddie, Will, and Ashley waited. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Operating hours are over by now,\u8221\'94 she said crisply, arms crossed beneath her blazer. \u8220\'93By Council regulations, the library is closed after dusk. Claire, what are you doing? You can\u8217\'92t break the rules just because you feel like it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Claire met her squarely. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93According to the library\u8217\'92s charter,\u8221\'94 she replied firmly, \u8220\'93it remains open whenever the key holder is present. And as the current volunteer librarian, I decide its hours. My availability extends past dusk\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so I\u8217\'92m opening the library.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Victoria opened her mouth to retort\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something about Council oversight and disciplinary procedures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but before she could speak, one of her silent companions stepped forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Actually, Victoria,\u8221\'94 the girl said calmly, \u8220\'93this library falls under the University\u8217\'92s Public Service Mandate, not the Student Council\u8217\'92s jurisdiction. Council rules don\u8217\'92t apply here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes snapped to her friend, and for a moment, her carefully cultivated composure faltered. She drew in a breath, lips pressing into a thin line.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine,\u8221\'94 she said at last, voice quiet but laced with bitterness. \u8220\'93Do as you will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned, smoothed the front of her blazer, and took a seat at the far end of the long table\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just close enough to the group to listen, but far enough to keep her distance. Her two friends fell in beside her, and the library\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hush settled around them once more, the rules upheld and the real work about to begin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley leaned forward, voice low and urgent. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it true you actually found a lead on Madeleine\u8217\'92s disappearance?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Victoria said nothing. Instead, she ordered her silent council companions. The girl gave a slight bow, then rose and reached into her sleek leather satchel. She produced three official-looking folders\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 embossed with the crest of a well-known private investigation firm\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and laid them carefully on the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The folders clicked open as Victoria drew them forward. Their contents\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 handwritten notes, hastily sketched maps, and transcribed witness statements\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 spilled into view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tone was cool but purposeful. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t wait for the police. I engaged a private investigator\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 someone with the resources to move faster than the precinct ever could.\u8221\'94 She tapped one dossier. \u8220\'93Their latest lead points to a pet shop in the Hallowmere district. Owner\u8217\'92s name is Gareth Hudson.\u8221\'94 She then turned to Eddie, \u8220\'93your Alchemy lecturer.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pen clattered against the table. \u8220\'93Blythe? As in Professor Blythe, the one teaching States Transformation Basics?\u8221\'94 He glanced at Claire, then back at Victoria. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s obsessed with mythical creatures. I ran into him months ago at the Sanctuary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She paused, letting the weight of that information sink in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not conclusive. But it\u8217\'92s the best lead we have.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will exchanged a look with Eddie. Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand drifted to the edge of the paperwork\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 fingers hovering as if she could sense Madeleine\u8217\'92s presence in the lines and smudges.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley glanced at Victoria, brow furrowed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And your father? Have you managed to reach him with this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Victoria rubbed the bridge of her nose, her impeccable composure faltering for the first time. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve tried,\u8221\'94 she said, voice tight. \u8220\'93I sent him the dossiers first thing this morning. I called his aide twice.\u8221\'94 She paused, folding and unfolding her hands. \u8220\'93But there\u8217\'92s no guarantee he\u8217\'92ll act on it. He\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 distracted by higher-profile cases, political pressure, things I can\u8217\'92t influence.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So we\u8217\'92ve got a lead, but no official backing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Victoria met his gaze, jaw set. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93For now. His office won\u8217\'92t commit until they have more concrete proof\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 financial records, witness affidavits, physical evidence. My involvement only gets the file a few floors higher.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They exchanged a quick, knowing look around the table\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers brushed the edge of the dossier, Will\u8217\'92s eyes flicked to the maps and witness statements, Ashley\u8217\'92s hand hovered over the sketch of Blythe\u8217\'92s shop. Everything they needed was right there.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice cut through the moment. \u8220\'93Whatever you do from here on, you\u8217\'92re on your own. I\u8217\'92m not getting any further involved\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I\u8217\'92ve done my part.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie met her gaze. It was the first time he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d seen any warmth in her expression. \u8220\'93Thank you, Victoria,\u8221\'94 he said quietly. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m\u8230\'85 sorry I doubted you before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked at him, surprised on his sudden positive response, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever,\u8221\'94 then turned back to the files without another word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shifted, moving to stand at the head of the table. He caught Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s and Ashley\u8217\'92s eyes in turn. A spark of urgency lit in them both.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are we waiting for?\u8221\'94 }}