{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The library bustled with a nervous energy unlike anything Eddie had ever witnessed. Gone was the usual hush reserved for studying and quiet contemplation. Instead, a murmur of tense whispers filled the air, punctuated by the occasional choked sob or muttered curse. The room was a sea of faces, etched with worry, anger, and a desperate hope that mirrored his own.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie, alongside Will and his bandmates, Jake and Jane , stood amidst this gathering storm. They had heeded Ashley's advice, transforming the library into their temporary headquarters. Henry and some of his friend from Automaton Engineering Faculty, who had finished with their automaton engineering project also joined, hearing of the news about the dissapearance of his  friend, he wanted to help. News of their mission, spread through the network of missing person posters, had drawn a diverse crowd. Eddie and Will, perched on a long table usually reserved for group projects, found themselves facing a sea of unfamiliar faces, Young students, their eyes red-rimmed from tears, stood shoulder-to-shoulder with older siblings, caretakers, and even a few weary-looking parents. They were all united by a single, burning desire: to bring their loved ones, like Madeleine, back home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The weight of their expectations pressed heavily on Eddie. These people had placed their trust in him, a complete stranger, fueled by a single desperate broadcast. He scanned the room, his gaze lingering on the tear-streaked face of a young girl clutching a worn teddy bear, or the grizzled features of a man whose hardened eyes betrayed a deep well of grief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then the door of the library creaked open, revealing Claire, she is heading towards Eddie and Will}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is Ashley?\u8221\'94 Asked Eddie his voice laced with a hint of urgency.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "She's out getting someone," Claire explained, taking a seat at the long table they had commandeered. "This is unexpected," she added, gesturing towards the growing crowd, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93To see the library this lively at night.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, this is so many people,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, \u8220\'93Far more than i initially thought,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will chuckled, a nervous sound. "The more the merrier, I say. The Black Hand has a sizeable operation, we need all the help we can get."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After a while waiting, the front door of the library creaked once more, Eddie's brow furrowed as the library door creaked open, his gaze darting towards the entrance. Christine and Geralt entered, accompanied by Ashley, their presence a source of surprise and tension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What are they doing here?" Eddie muttered to Ashley as she joined him in the long table, his voice laced with suspicion as his eyes flickered between Christine and Geralt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley, ever the diplomat, stepped forward with a reassuring smile. "They're here to help, Eddie," she explained. "Christine and Geralt have also lost someone to these kidnappings."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Claire head snapped up, a flicker of recognition dawning on her face. "You mean Dominic?" she asked, her voice tinged with sympathy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Christine's face hardened, her voice devoid of warmth as she replied, "Yes, Dominic had gone missing a few days ago and we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been searching for him ever since. And unlike some people," her icy glare landed on Eddie for a brief moment, "We're not content to sit around and do nothing."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie's jaw clenched, his fists involuntarily balling up at his sides. "You've got some nerve showing your face here, Christine," he growled, a dangerous edge creeping into his voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Geralt, sensing the rising tension, stepped forward quickly, placing himself between Christine and Eddie. "Mind your tone, Welton," he warned, his voice firm but laced with a hint of understanding. "Madeleine isn't the only one they've taken. We're all in this together now."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley, ever the voice of reason, intervened before the situation could escalate further. "Look, I know there's bad blood between you all," she said, her voice calm yet firm, "but right now, we need to focus on finding our missing friends. The Black Hand doesn't discriminate \endash  they've taken from all of us."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will, after a moment of deliberation, nodded slowly in agreement. "Ashley's right," he conceded, his voice heavy. "We can't afford to let personal grudges get in the way. Madeleine, Dominic \endash  they're all counting on us."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Christine gritted her teeth, the anger in her eyes battling with the desperation in her voice. "Fine," she spat, the word laced with bitterness. "But don't think this means we're suddenly friends, Welton."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie returned her glare with a coldness that mirrored her own. "Trust me, Christine, the feeling's mutual."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A heavy sigh escaped Ashley's lips. "Can we please try to work together?" she pleaded, her gaze sweeping over the tense group. "We're stronger as a team. Divided, we fall. Together, maybe, just maybe, we can find a way to bring our friends back."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One by one, the others in the library shifted their attention towards the central long table, their hushed whispers fading. The air crackled with a newfound sense of purpose, the shared grief and determination overshadowing the personal conflicts. Together, they began to formulate their next move, a ragtag band of students united against a common enemy. The library, once a haven for quiet study, now hummed with the energy of a rebellion, the fate of their missing friends hanging in the balance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will nudged him, his voice a low murmur. "Alright, Eddie," he said. "Time to step up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie glancing around, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who? me?\u8221\'94 "Of course, you, buddy!" Will chuckled good-naturedly. "You're the one who rallied this army. Now you gotta lead them."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie's gaze darted around the room, taking in the expectant faces \endash  young and old, etched with worry and a spark of defiance. He swallowed hard, the weight of their trust settling heavily on his shoulders. He had never considered himself a leader, and the thought of standing before this crowd, his voice cracking under pressure, sent a fresh wave of panic coursing through him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stood up, he tries to }{\f2\fs20\b1\i0 opens his mouth to speak, but no words come out. His hands tremble, and he looks down at the floor, feeling the weight of everyone's expectations pressing down on him}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie goes back to his seat in the long table, stammering, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I\u8217\'92m\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  I\u8217\'92m not good at this. I\u8217\'92ve never\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  I can\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 }{\f2\fs20\b1\i0 Ashley steps forward, sensing his struggle. She gently takes Eddie\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s hand in hers, her touch cold but reassuring.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Her hand was cold, almost unnaturally so, yet through that coolness, He felt a pulse, a steady rhythm that echoed his own. There was a calmness in her touch, a grounding anchor in the storm of his nerves. }{\f2\fs20\b1\i0 He looks up, meeting her bright hazel eyes. Her gaze is steady and filled with unwavering belief in him}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Alright, Eddie.\u8221\'94 Ashley said softly, \u8220\'93We believe in you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They sat like that, hands clasped in each other's grasp, Minutes morphed into an eternity, punctuated only by the distant chatter in the sea of worry and grief for acts he no longer saw. In her hand, Eddie found a strength he hadn't known I possessed. }{\f2\fs20\b1\i0 He squeezes her hand back, drawing strength from her support. He takes a deep breath, his chest rising and falling as he tries to calm his racing heart. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94Alright. Here goes nothing.\u8221\'94 Eddie muttered}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie took a deep breath, the air thick with anticipation. He raised his hand for silence, and the room gradually quieted. Hundreds of eyes turned towards him, a sea of hope and desperation washing over him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Thank you all for coming," he began, his voice surprisingly steady despite the tremor running through his limbs. "We're all here for the same reason \endash  to find those the Black Hand has stolen from us."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He paused, letting his words sink in. A murmur of agreement rippled through the room. A young woman, her eyes red-rimmed from crying, stepped forward. "My brother," she choked out, clutching a well-worn photo. "He disappeared a month ago. No leads, no answers. The police\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 they just gave up."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A burly man with a shaved head nodded grimly. "My sister. Brightest student in the academy. Gone without a trace. No one seems to care."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We may not know each other," Eddie continued, "but we share a common enemy. The Black Hand has taken our loved ones, filled our lives with fear and pain. But we won't stand by and let them win!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wave of determined energy surged through the room, a ripple effect starting with a single, hesitant nod and culminating in a chorus of fists clenching on the table. Christine, who had remained perched on the table with a skeptical frown etched on her face, found herself mirroring the action, a flicker of defiance replacing her doubt. The air crackled with a newfound electricity, the collective fear morphing into a shared purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Mr. Jester, a contact of mine," he explained, "has offered to help us strike back.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Christine, her skepticism momentarily forgotten, leaned forward, her voice sharp. "And what does he want in return?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Henry then also spoke up. "Yeah, What do they want? they couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just help us for free?" His voice was laced with steely determination.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He requires one thing,\u8221\'94 Eddie continued, \u8220\'93An army. Not an army of soldiers, but an army of people united by a common cause. People like you and me, who refuse to let the Black Hand win."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "They want us to strike back," Will said, laying it all bare. "They want us to attack a Black Hand hideout, deep within the city's underbelly."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A collective gasp filled the room. The magnitude of the task settled upon them like a heavy cloak. This wasn't a protest, not a rally. This was a daring raid, a perilous mission that could thrust them all into the heart of danger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Geralt's skepticism hung heavy in the air, a dampener on the burgeoning enthusiasm. "And how do we know we can trust this contact of yours?" he asked, his voice laced with suspicion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie, stung by the doubt but understanding its source, took a deep breath. "We don't," he admitted, his voice firm despite the tremor in his hands. "But right now, it's the only lead we have. We can't sit around and wait for the Black Hand to strike again. We need to take action, gather our own forces \endash  people who understand what's at stake, people who have a stake in this fight."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will leaned forward, his voice echoing Eddie's resolve. "We need to be smart about this," he emphasized. "We're not just looking for muscle; we need people with the same fire in their bellies, the same desperation. People who've lost loved ones to the Black Hand and won't rest until they're back."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley chimed in, her voice a beacon of unwavering belief. "And from what I've seen," she said, her gaze sweeping across the sea of anxious faces, "there are more people affected by this than we realize. This campus alone is teeming with them. We just need to channel that collective grief, that shared anger, into something more."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie scanned the room, searching for a flicker of doubt, a hint of hesitation. But instead, he saw only a sea of resolute faces, each one etched with a unique story of loss, yet all bound together by a common purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Taking a deep breath to steady his own nerves, Eddie addressed the room once more. "We know this is a big ask," he acknowledged, his voice resonating with sincerity. "We know this is a dangerous path we're about to embark on. But we can't do this alone. Every single one of you has a reason to fight. They've taken your loved ones, your friends, your family. But they haven't taken your spirit. They haven't taken your fight!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence once again descended upon the room. The students exchanged glances, their faces a mixture of fear and resolve. Then, a small, determined voice broke the tension.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I'm in," a young woman declared, her voice trembling slightly but her eyes blazing with defiance. "I won't let them get away with this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wave of relief washed over Eddie. One voice had become two, then three, then a chorus. Christine, her face stoic but a flicker of vulnerability in her eyes, finally spoke. "Fine," she conceded, a grudging acceptance in her voice. "But let's get one thing clear \endash  this alliance ends when we get Dominic back."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Geralt echoed her sentiment with a curt nod. "We're here for Dominic. Nothing more."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Will, his eyes gleaming with newfound hope, added, "And for Madeleine. And for everyone else they've taken."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley looking Eddie with a smile latent with pride said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can do this. We have to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One by one, others echoed her sentiment. A ripple of agreement spread through the room, gathering momentum with each voice that joined the chorus. The fear hadn't vanished, but it was overshadowed by a fierce determination, a collective will to fight for justice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "We won't promise it will be easy," Eddie continued, his voice ringing with conviction. "There will be challenges, dangers\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 But we will face them together. Because giving up is not an option. Not when our loved ones are counting on us to bring them home!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A collective cheer erupted from the crowd, a raw, primal sound that resonated with the pain and anger festering within them. This wasn't just a gathering anymore; it was the birth of a resistance, fueled by love and loss. Eddie glanced at Will and his bandmates, their faces alight with determination. He spotted Ashley next to him, a small smile playing on her lips as she watched the scene unfold. They had a long road ahead, but for the first time since Madeleine's disappearance, a flicker of hope danced in his heart. They weren't alone. They had an army. And together, they would find Madeleine and dismantle the Black Hand, one way or another. }}