{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sterile white corridor became a place of silent miracles. From the shimmering, heat-haze curtain of Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Mirror Veil, ghosts began to emerge. A gaunt, elderly }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Bapak}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  with haunted eyes stepped out of what looked like thin air, his gaze wide with disbelief. Then a young woman, clutching the arm of her brother, both stumbling on weak legs. Will, a tense shadow by the main lab entrance, would watch the corridor, his face a mask of concentration, before giving a quick, low wave of his hand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Go, now.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The freed captives would then move, a silent, ghost-like procession, down the hall leading back to the cacophonous menagerie, their escape masked by the screeching of the captive creatures. Will was the conductor of this impossible orchestra, and Ashley, standing firm with her staff planted, was the magic holding the stage together.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The perspective shifts back to Eddie, who is now on the last three captives, his hope surging.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inside the holding pen, a powerful, hopeful rhythm had taken hold. The oppressive stench of fear was still there, but now it was mingled with the electric, ozone scent of imminent freedom. Eddie moved to the next cage, his exhaustion forgotten, replaced by a surging, brilliant hope that warmed him from the inside out. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 We're doing it,}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  he thought, a sense of profound awe washing over him. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 We're actually doing it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He no longer needed to look at Madeleine. They were a single unit, moving with an unspoken understanding. As he placed his hand on the next lock, he could hear her soft, steady whisper to the person in the final cage, her voice a balm of reassurance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The green light of his alchemy felt less like a weapon now and more like a key. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Hiss.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The lock dissolved into fine grey dust. The cage door creaked open. Madeleine was there instantly, helping a young man to his feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You're okay," she murmured, giving his arm a firm, steadying squeeze. "Go to my friend at the end of the hall. He'll show you the way. Be quiet, and don't look back."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The young man looked from Madeleine's tired but fiercely compassionate face to Eddie's, his own eyes filling with tears of disbelief and gratitude. He nodded and shuffled out into the shimmering veil.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The holding pen, once a gallery of despair, was now a hall of echoing emptiness. The vast space felt liberating. Eddie allowed himself a small, genuine smile, catching Madeleine's eye as he turned. She returned it, a fleeting, exhausted, but triumphant expression that spoke volumes. They were winning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He moved to the second-to-last cage. The woman inside was already on her feet, her hands pressed together as if in prayer. The alchemy flowed from him effortlessly now, energized by their success. The final lock dissolved.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Victory was a breath away. He turned to the last cage, the sense of triumph so close, so tangible, he could almost taste it. One more person to free, and they would have pulled off the impossible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Hey! What's the meaning of this!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The voice was a thunderclap in the sterile quiet. It echoed from the main laboratory corridor, sharp and authoritative. Eddie's smile vanished, his blood running cold. Hope shattered into a million pieces.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He spun around. Professor Gareth Hudson stood at the far end of the room, his face a mask of thunderous disbelief. His polished staff was held tight in one hand, its tip glowing with a faint, dangerous light. Beside him, his two fatigue-jacketed companions snapped into formation, raising military-grade magical staves and aiming them down the hall. Will and Ashley were nowhere to be seen, likely having ducked for cover the moment Hudson appeared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Without a second thought, Eddie stepped in front of Madeleine, shielding her. "Back off!" he yelled, his voice raw with defiance. He threw his hand forward, and a complex, brilliant green transmutation circle flared to life in the air between them, aimed directly at his professor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson's companions reacted instantly, their staves shifting to aim squarely at Eddie's chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Hudson himself just stared, his expression looking more confused than angry. "Welton? What in God's name are you doing here? Are you completely mad?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I know what you're doing!" Eddie shot back, his voice ringing with righteous fury. "This illegal Chimaera breeding! This whole sick experiment! It ends tonight!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The accusation struck Hudson like a physical blow. His confusion instantly hardened into a rare, palpable anger. "Chimaeras?" he snarled, taking a threatening step forward. "Do you have any idea of the danger you are in? Of what you have stumbled into? You could have been killed!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie let out a bitter, incredulous laugh. "Oh, suddenly you care if someone dies? After all the people you've experimented on? After everything you've done to Madeleine?" He gestured wildly at the room around them. "How many have you killed for your precious research?!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He gathered his energy, the transmutation circle spinning faster, brighter, ready to unleash a wave of corrosive force. But before he could, a hand grabbed his arm. It was Madeleine. Her grip was weak, but astonishingly firm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Eddie, stop!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Maddie, get back!" he yelled, trying to shake her off, his eyes never leaving Hudson. "I can handle him!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "No! Eddie, listen to me!" she insisted, pulling on his arm with all her strength. She stumbled in front of him, breaking his line of sight. She put her hands on his chest, forcing him to look down at her, the person he had just risked everything to save. Her eyes were wide, not with fear of Hudson, but with a desperate, pleading urgency. "Please, you have to listen. You've got it wrong."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "What are you talking about? He's right there!" Eddie fought back, his rage blinding him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It wasn't Professor Hudson," Madeleine said, her voice quiet, but it cut through his fury like a blade of ice. The words hung in the sterile air, heavy and absolute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The words slammed into Eddie with the force of a physical blow. The brilliant green transmutation circle flickered, sputtered, and died. His arm lowered, feeling impossibly heavy. The entire foundation of his righteous fury, the certainty that had fueled him through the alleys of Hallowmere, crumbled into dust. He stared at Professor Hudson, whose face was no longer just angry, but etched with a deep, familiar weariness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the same grief Eddie had seen the night he'd spoken of his lost daughter. He didn't understand the full story, not even close. But he saw the truth in Madeleine's eyes. And that was enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The standoff dissipated, leaving a vacuum of tense, unanswered questions. Hudson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s companions cautiously lowered their staves, their eyes still locked on Eddie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was just a moment\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a fragile, breathless pause in the heart of the enemy's lair.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The green light of Eddie's transmutation circle sputtered. He stared, utterly lost, from Madeleine's earnest, pleading face to Professor Hudson's. He didn't trust Hudson, not for a second, but his faith in Madeleine was absolute. With a shuddering breath, he let his hand fall to his side, the alchemical light winking out of existence. The standoff, born of his own furious conviction, dissipated into a tense, unspoken truce.}
\par\plain {The quiet lasted only a moment.}
\par\plain {One of Hudson's companions, a man with a sharp, hawkish face, suddenly swiveled, aiming his staff down a dark, previously unnoticed service corridor to their right.}
\par\plain {"Audible, right!" he barked, the phrase sharp and professional.}
\par\plain {Instantly, Hudson and his other man snapped their staves in the same direction, their postures shifting from wary to combat-ready. The tension slammed back into the room, but this time, they were all facing the same unseen threat.}
\par\plain {Hudson aimed his own polished silver staff into the oppressive darkness of the hallway. "Who goes there?" he commanded, his voice booming with military authority. No answer came back but the faint, unnerving echo of his own words.}
\par\plain {The three men stood ready, a silent, disciplined unit preparing for an attack. Hudson turned his head slightly, his eyes locking onto Eddie.}
\par\plain {"Welton. Get your friends and get out of here. Now," he ordered, his voice low and deadly serious. "Let the adults handle this."}
\par\plain {Eddie shook his head, stepping protectively in front of the holding pen door. "We can't. There's one more captive in there. We're not leaving her."}
\par\plain {"Don't be a fool!" Hudson snarled, his focus split between the dark corridor and the stubborn student. "This isn't a classroom exercise! That is an order!"}
\par\plain {"I'm not leaving anyone behind!" Eddie shot back. He turned, ready to go back for the final captive.}
\par\plain {Before he could take a step, a hand like an iron clamp seized his arm. It was Hudson. "It is not time to play games, Welton!" he growled, his face inches from Eddie's. "This is dangerous territory!"}
\par\plain {It was then that a streak of sickly purple light erupted from the dark hallway.}
\par\plain {Hudson instinctively let go, shoving Eddie aside as he raised his own staff to fire back a bolt of brilliant, concussive energy. "Reid, cover!" he roared, and the lab exploded into a cacophony of magical blasts and shattering tiles.}
\par\plain {The firefight was the only opening Eddie needed. He scrambled back, grabbing Madeleine's hand. "Come on!"}
\par\plain {He pulled her towards the relative safety of the holding pen doorway, but the retreat was a gauntlet. A sickly purple curse sizzled past Madeleine's head, striking the wall and making the damp brick hiss. A moment later, a concussive blast from one of Hudson's men shattered the doorframe, sending splinters and plaster flying. Eddie tackled Madeleine, pulling her down as a fireball erupted where they had just been standing.}
\par\plain {They scrambled through the doorway and back into the dim, foul-smelling room. The battle raged behind them, a chaotic symphony of explosions and shouted commands.}
\par\plain {They rushed to the last cage, located right next to the door. It was part of Will's contingency plan, meticulously thought out in the seconds they had: }{\f0\fs24\i1 'the last ones closest to the exit, in case time runs out.'}
\par\plain {The last captive, a boy no older than fifteen, was curled in the back of the cage, shaking uncontrollably. As Madeleine fumbled with the simple metal latch, the boy didn't move. He looked past her, his eyes wide with a terror that had nothing to do with the firefight outside.}
\par\plain {"No! No, please!" he cried, pointing with a trembling finger deeper into the holding pen. "He's back there! In the dark!"}
\par\plain {"It's alright, we're here to help you," Madeleine said soothingly, trying to coax him out. But the boy just shook his head frantically, pressing himself further into the corner. "Don't make me go that way! He's there!"}
\par\plain {The boy's genuine panic made Eddie's blood run cold. He turned, his eyes piercing the gloom at the far end of the long, narrow room. It looked empty, just shadows and rows of vacant cages.}
\par\plain {A brilliant streak of thunder ripped through the darkness, cracking the air with a deafening roar. Eddie instinctively shoved Madeleine and the boy's cage aside as the lightning bolt struck the floor where he'd been standing, leaving a starburst of blackened, smoking tile. Another followed instantly.}
\par\plain {Dodging back, Eddie slammed his palm against the bars of an empty iron cage beside him. A transmutation circle flared, not with the green of corrosion, but with the bright, sharp light of formation. }
\par\plain {The iron bars groaned, twisted, and fused together under his command. In seconds, they had warped into the form of a massive, metallic serpent. With a final push of will, Eddie sent it lunging down the dark corridor, an alchemical attack dog seeking its prey.}
\par\plain {There was a choked cry of surprise from the shadows, the clatter of a staff hitting the concrete floor, and the heavy, grinding crash of the iron serpent slamming into its target. The figure was thrown from the darkness into a patch of dim light, their hood falling back from the force of the impact.}
\par\plain {Eddie's breath caught in his throat. His fury, his fear, everything froze into a single, horrifying point of clarity.}
\par\plain {It was Walther Schroder.}
\par\plain {His calm, academic face was twisted into a mask of pure fury, a trickle of blood running from his temple where the serpent had struck him. They stared at each other for a long, silent moment, the chaos of the battle outside fading into a distant hum. The friend who had helped him study. The ally who had seen the sketch. The traitor.}
\par\plain {A cold, dangerous calm settled over Eddie. He didn't take his eyes off Walther.}
\par\plain {"Madeleine," he said, his voice flat and hard as steel. "Take the boy. Get to Will and Ashley."}
\par\plain {"Eddie-" Madeleine started to object, her eyes darting between him and Walther.}
\par\plain {"Go! I got this!" he commanded, his voice leaving no room for argument.}
\par\plain {She saw the look on his face, the promise of a fight that was now deeply, irrevocably personal. There was no time. Nodding once, her face a mask of terror and trust, she wrenched open the cage door and pulled the last captive out, half-carrying him toward the chaotic light of the main lab.}
\par\plain {The door swung shut, leaving Eddie and Walther alone in the grim gallery of empty cages.}}