{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>1. Opening Image<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A slave, she is a dancer, and the king\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s concubine named Katharos.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Opening is the brutal sacking of her Capital City in Glyndorith}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>2. Setup}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1 3. Catalyst<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Katharos murdered the prince, and 20 other King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Guard}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>4. Debate<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Katharos was thrown into the dungeon and tortured}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The King, as a joke, then ordered Katharos to be inducted into the King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Guard}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>5. Break into 2<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Katharos was sent to the Eastern Theatre to fight}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>6. B-Story<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Katharos is a good fighter, her basics of dancing helped her in a one-on-one fights, she uses her agility rather than raw strength}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>7. Fun and Games<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Battles, and Katharos\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s exploits}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And at one time, her Army ransacking and massacring an entire city.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>8. Pinch Point 1<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She is then captured by the Eastern Army, but she acted vulnerable, then at a crucial moment, she murdered her captors who sympathesised with her, and ran away into the desert dunes}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She then collapsed due to dehydration}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She is saved by a wandering tribe. But is confined for good measure.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>9. Midpoint<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Alchemist of the tribe then visited her, because she was sick, then saw the writings on the confinement\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s walls, he asked her what was it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Katharos said that it was Poetry, she made it to keep her mind busy and she liked reading it again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Alchemist took a liking of her, and asked her name, she said her name is Katharos}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Alchemist thought that Katharos is hard to pronounce, asked if it is fine if he calls her Kathrii instead, which is more suitable for his people\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tongue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Katharos didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Alchemist then introduced himself, he is Casnius Bolos, he is the Medicine man on this tribe, and he agreed to talk with the village\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s elders for Kathrii to be let go and be his student.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She is a student, her name is Kathrii}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>10. Bad guys close in<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Eastern Soldiers came to their Little Tribe, asking whether they had seen an Elf.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nobody snitched}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Casnius said to the Eastern Soldiers that there is no Elf in this town.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Soldiers took his word for it.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>11. Pinch Point 2<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She now learnt to accept the kindness of others when vulnerable}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>12. All is Lost}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1 13. Dark Night of The Soul<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you think a person like me\u8230\'85 deserve to be happy?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>14. Break into 3<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kathrii goes around the Eastern Dunes to teach her master\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arts of Alchemy, she liked being a teacher }
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>15. Finale<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 V2\line }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She arrives back to the Tribe to see her old friend Casnius, be he is old, and is already on his death bed}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She cuts her hair, still remembering that Elf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hair can have a life prolonging effects}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Casnius refused. Saying he had a good run}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kathrii was in grief, still asking him to drink the potions containing her hair and blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Casnius still refused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kathrii cried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Casnius comforted her. Saying a joke telling her that at the moment, it was the dying who comforts the living, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Kathrii stayed by his side, he eventually passes away when it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s morning}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 V1}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab After several years, she has been a pronounced figure in the Eastern Dunes as someone who spreads Alchemy, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab She returns to her village to visit, and see that Casnius has fallen sick, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab An assassin has poisoned his drink a few weeks back}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Kathrii, fuelled by fury, asked about the whereabouts of the Assassin, taking her twin blades she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t touched in years, she goes on a rampage on the Camp of the Eastern Soldiers, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab When she confronted the Assassin, the Assassin begged for his life, asking until when will she murders? What statisfaction does it gives to her? How long will it goes?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab When she finished, she felt regret. There is no point killing them.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab She throws her twin blade into the lake of an Oasis near the camp, and swore to never pick up a sword again, and declares herself not as a dancer, not as a slave. Not as a fighter, nor a demigod.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab She is an Alchemist, like her master before her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>16. Resurrection<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The funeral of Casnius Bolos.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>17. Return with the Elixir<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine decided to teach Alchemy further, she then headed to the North, towards Edenfield. But before then, she have to pass King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Grave, the kingdom that once enslaved her.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>18. Final Image<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A free elf. Her name is Catherine}}