{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The Edenfield Library always smelled like dust, old ink, and rain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even when it hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t rained in days. Eddie Welton sat cross-legged on the cold marble floor beneath the arched reading lamps, eyes fixed on the door. The shadows of the towering bookshelves stretched long across the carpet as midnight edged closer.}
\par\plain {The silence wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t peaceful. It was the kind that settled in the chest, heavy and waiting.}
\par\plain {Will paced in front of the fireplace, boots tapping softly against the flagstone. His guitar case leaned against the wall, unopened. For once, he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t humming.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is ridiculous,\u8221\'94 Will muttered. \u8220\'93You know that, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer. His fingers were laced together, knuckles pale.}
\par\plain {Will stopped pacing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re talking about breaking into a hideout full of people who }{\f0\fs24\i1 merge humans with animals.}{ That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not a prank. That\u8217\'92s not another dumb Book Pirate scheme. That\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 he gestured wildly \u8220\'93\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 psychotic, Ed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie looked up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They have Madeleine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {That shut Will up for a moment.}
\par\plain {Across the room, behind the reception desk, Claire was curled up in the librarian\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s swivel chair. She looked like she hadn\u8217\'92t slept in days. Her cardigan was rumpled, and her hands trembled slightly as she clutched a mug of something that had long gone cold. Her eyes were distant, somewhere far from the lamplight.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m telling you,\u8221\'94 she said quietly, barely above a whisper. \u8220\'93We went to the district. The one by the Arkwright tunnel. There was an entrance hidden beneath an abandoned bakery. We thought it was just a rumor, but there were guards. Real guards. Runes on the door. Madeleine\u8230\'85 she told me to run. Said she\u8217\'92d distract them. I didn't want to leave her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie stood slowly, walking to the desk. He crouched beside Claire. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said you went to the police.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Three different times. The Watchmen wrote it off as hallucinations\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 said maybe I\u8217\'92d been hexed or breathing in fumes from some old alchemy shop. One even laughed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will gave a low whistle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And people wonder why students take things into their own hands.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Claire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands tightened around the mug. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got to do something about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded, firm now. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And we will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will exhaled hard and flopped into one of the reading chairs. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just\u8230\'85 we need a plan. Or at least more than two of us. We\u8217\'92re good at dumb ideas, but this? This is a }{\f0\fs24\i1 war crime}{ idea.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92ll be here,\u8221\'94 Eddie said.}
\par\plain {Will raised an eyebrow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ashley?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie gave a single nod. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She said she\u8217\'92d bring who she could. Told us to keep the library open.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {They both looked to Claire.}
\par\plain {She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t meet their eyes, but she reached behind the desk and flicked the enchanted \u8220\'93CLOSED\u8221\'94 sign to }{\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93OPEN \hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1  Midnight Access Permitted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The lanterns glowed a little brighter. The old wooden doors creaked once, as if sensing something important was about to happen.}
\par\plain {Outside, wind howled through the stained glass windows.}
\par\plain {And then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {Footsteps echoed down the hall.}
\par\plain {Eddie turned.}
\par\plain {The doors groaned open.}
\par\plain {Ashley stepped through, wand in hand, cloak draped over one shoulder like she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even tried to fasten it properly. Her hair was wind-tossed, eyes sharp.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Took you long enough,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, trying to lighten the mood, though his voice cracked halfway through.}
\par\plain {Ashley gave him a smirk. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What, and miss your brooding hour?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Then the rest of them followed in behind her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and suddenly, the library felt a lot smaller.}
\par\plain {First came Henry Marais, tall and broad-shouldered, ducking slightly beneath the doorway. His coat was grease-stained, his dreadlocks pulled into a loose tie behind his head. He walked with the kind of quiet calm that made people listen when he finally spoke. Two other students flanked him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 both from the Automaton Engineering department, judging by the brass gauntlet and gear-stained gloves one of them wore.}
\par\plain {Then came Victoria.}
\par\plain {Eddie stiffened.}
\par\plain {Her blonde hair was perfectly brushed, tucked behind one ear in that deliberate way she always did when she wanted to look serious. Her angular face caught the lamplight like a polished blade, and she moved like she owned the place\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even here, in their secret midnight war council.}
\par\plain {And she hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come alone either.}
\par\plain {Two more followed in her wake\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 both girls in the deep red cloaks of Arcane Studies. One had her wand already drawn. The other adjusted her enchanted spectacles and started scanning the library like she was calculating battlefield positions.}
\par\plain {Eddie turned sharply to Ashley, lowering his voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why did you bring }{\f0\fs24\i1 her}{?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley folded her arms. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because we need everyone who can help. And Victoria\u8217\'92s one of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. She\u8217\'92s a pain in the ass,\u8221\'94 Ashley said. \u8220\'93But she\u8217\'92s smart. She knows the underground better than any of us\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her dad\u8217\'92s one of the city planners. She also speaks fluent Runic and got top marks in Strategic Theory. She\u8217\'92ll help us get in and out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie glanced back at Victoria, who was now inspecting a large map on the wall like she was preparing to siege the entire city.}
\par\plain {He rubbed the back of his neck. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If she gets smug, I\u8217\'92m blaming you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please,\u8221\'94 Ashley muttered, \u8220\'93she\u8217\'92s }{\f0\fs24\i1 already}{ smug. Let\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s just hope she stays useful too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The newcomers settled in around the long reading table. Claire rose from behind the desk and slowly approached, her arms crossed tightly as if holding herself together.}
\par\plain {Everyone sat, but no one truly relaxed. Jackets weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t taken off. Wands weren\u8217\'92t stowed away. Eyes flicked to windows, to shadows between shelves. Even the ancient grandfather clock in the corner seemed to tick louder in the silence.}
\par\plain {A low murmur rippled across the table\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 half-conversations, shared glances, whispered doubts.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, your dog\u8217\'92s been missing too?\u8221\'94 Ashley asked Victoria quietly.}
\par\plain {Victoria gave a curt nod. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Three nights now. He never runs off. I\u8217\'92ve had him since I was ten.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not the only one,\u8221\'94 one of Henry\u8217\'92s friends muttered. \u8220\'93Kazi\u8217\'92s been gone for almost a week. He left the dorms to check out one of the underground service tunnels by the South Wall. Never came back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry said nothing, but the way his jaw tightened told Eddie all he needed to know.}
\par\plain {Will leaned closer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This... this is bigger than we thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer. His mind buzzed with half-formed thoughts, pieces of information slotting into place, and yet, nothing felt solid. The weight in the room was pressing inward. They were all waiting. Waiting for someone to tell them what to do.}
\par\plain {He glanced at Claire.}
\par\plain {She met his eyes, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should tell them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already told you everything I know,\u8221\'94 she said, voice steadier than her trembling fingers. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s got to be you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie looked to Will. Will gave a small, nervous shrug.}
\par\plain {He looked around the table. Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cold stare. Henry\u8217\'92s quiet fury. Ashley\u8217\'92s expectant gaze. Strangers and almost-friends, sitting in a half-lit library, surrounded by dust and books and fear\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and now all looking at }{\f0\fs24\i1 him}{.}
\par\plain {He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the best alchemist in the room.}
\par\plain {He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the smartest or the fastest or the most powerful.}
\par\plain {But he was the one who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d promised to bring Madeleine home.}
\par\plain {So he stood.}
\par\plain {It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t graceful. His knee bumped the table, and his voice caught in his throat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but he stood anyway.}
\par\plain {And then he spoke.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s something you all need to know,\u8221\'94 Eddie began, eyes scanning the faces around the table. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t believe any of this at first either. Not really. Not until I saw it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He took a breath.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A few weeks ago, I fell asleep at the Book Pirates\u8217\'92 hideout. I was copying one of the books we\u8217\'92d taken\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something about ancient transmutations. I left way too late, past midnight. The streets were empty, dead quiet. I was walking back toward the dorms when I saw someone ahead. Thought it was just a guy walking home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand hovered near his chest. His voice dropped.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But when he turned\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he wasn\u8217\'92t human.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He could still see it when he closed his eyes: the twisted form stepping into the lantern light. The way its limbs moved wrong. Like they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t belong to the same body. The gleam of half-human eyes in a too-wide face, the black claws curling from thick fingers.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It had claws. Fangs. It came at me fast. I ran\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but not fast enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He pulled up the hem of his shirt, just slightly. A trio of jagged red scars slashed across his ribs, faint but unmistakable.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Got me here. I would\u8217\'92ve been gone if the police hadn\u8217\'92t shown up. They didn\u8217\'92t believe what I saw, of course. Called it a \u8216\'91drunken assault.\u8217\'92 Took my statement and moved on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He let the shirt fall back into place.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it was real. }{\f0\fs24\i1 It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s}{ real. And Madeleine knew that too.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie turned slightly, nodding toward Claire.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She and Madeleine started investigating the disappearances. Claire was part of a student group from the Mythical Creatures Conservatory\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 creature advocates. They\u8217\'92d heard rumors about strange things being captured, tortured, used for experiments. Madeleine wanted the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He looked down, jaw tight.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And now she\u8217\'92s gone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Claire flinched slightly but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look away.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She went to that district by the old aqueducts. She didn\u8217\'92t tell me because she knew I\u8217\'92d try to stop her. But Claire got out. She saw everything. She told me everything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He turned back to the group.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s a facility. Hidden under one of the closed-down subway maintenance sites. Claire told me about the layout. The rotating guards. Their routes. How to get in\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and how many people we\u8217\'92ll probably have to sneak past.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {A hush fell over the group again.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And she told me something else,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, voice sharpening. \u8220\'93Walther Schroder is involved.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {That drew a few startled looks. Henry leaned forward.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, the second-year alchemist? I\u8217\'92ve seen him at Professor Caledon\u8217\'92s lectures.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s working with them. I don\u8217\'92t know if he was always part of it, or if they pulled him in later, but he\u8217\'92s been helping them build something down there. Something twisted. He knew Madeleine. He knew Claire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His voice darkened.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And he knows me. We were friends. He\u8217\'92ll be expecting me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {There was a long silence. The weight of what Eddie said hung heavy over the room.}
\par\plain }