{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stepped through the gate, and the moment his foot crossed the threshold, the air changed. It was warmer here, lighter. He could hear the rustle of grass underfoot, the creaking of wood in the distance, and the soft grunts and murmurs of things\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 living things}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all around him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He followed close behind Madeleine, taking in the view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The sheer scale of the place stopped him in his tracks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Compared to the Book Pirates' so-called \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93headquarters\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a musty, booze-stained basement barely large enough for a table and mismatched chairs\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this was\u8230\'85 acres. Fences crisscrossed the landscape, separating fields and paddocks, with stone paths winding between tall grass and wildflowers. Some cabins stood off to the side, their moss-covered roofs blending with the landscape, while distant sheds and enclosures dotted the horizon like watchful outposts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And the creatures.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were creatures everywhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A herd of something deer-like but scaled grazed lazily near the fence. Bright-feathered bird-beasts perched on low posts, ruffling their wings with annoyed chirps. A furry, long-legged animal with too many eyes blinked up at Eddie from behind a fence and then went back to chewing on a branch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is the front range,\u8221\'94 Madeleine said, her tone casual but proud. \u8220\'93We keep the gentler ones closer to the gate. Rescue gryphlings, retired hippogriffs, a few centaur folk who don\u8217\'92t mind being neighbors.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes wandered further out, where the landscape dipped into shadowy groves and distant enclosures. \u8220\'93And the dragons?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Back there,\u8221\'94 she said, nodding toward the tree line in the far distance. \u8220\'93We keep the more aggressive or high-risk creatures farther out\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dragons, manticores, anything that breathes fire or bites through steel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie raised an eyebrow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And that\u8217\'92s where you want to take me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eventually, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie gave a skeptical chuckle, leaning slightly on his crutch. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because nothing says recovery like a stroll through the fire-breathing death animals.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You haven\u8217\'92t even met one of the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 cute}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  fire-breathing animals yet.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, did you just put \u8216\'91cute\u8217\'92 and \u8216\'91fire-breathing\u8217\'92 in the same sentence?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked out over the Sanctuary again. Even from here, he could see the faint shimmer of heat waves rising from the far end, where the tree line thickened and the fences became taller, reinforced with wards and polished iron. Something inside him stirred\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mix of nerves, curiosity, and that same stubborn instinct that had made him board the bus in the first place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine rolled her eyes fondly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before that, I need to speak to someone,\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She led the way toward a modest stone building tucked under a slope, ivy creeping along its walls and a slanted roof sagging just slightly at the edges. A hand-painted sign above the door read: }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Caretaker\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Office}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Eddie followed her in, the faint scent of parchment and pine oils wafting from within.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the reception desk, instead of the usual student attendant, Madeleine nearly collided with\~Professor Gareth Hudson\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tall, silver-haired, and impeccably dressed in a charcoal-gray waistcoat, his presence as polished as the alchemy vials he carried. A harried student trailed behind him, arms stacked with ledgers titled\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Species Classification & Behavioral Anomalies}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m so sorry Professor, I was-\u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, Mrs. Daedallia, not to worry,\u8221\'94\~Hudson said, his voice smooth and deliberate, like honey over steel.\~\u8220\'93A pleasure, as always.\u8221\'94\~His gaze flicked to Eddie, and a faint smile touched his lips.\~\u8220\'93Mr. Welton. States Transformation, I ? I must admit, I never expected one of my own students to show such\u8230\'85 enthusiasm for mystical fauna.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stiffened at the backhanded compliment but forced a grin.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guess I\u8217\'92m just\u8230\'85 expanding my horizons, Professor.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile didn\u8217\'92t reach his eyes.\~\u8220\'93How commendable.\u8221\'94\~He turned back to Madeleine, tilting his clipboard toward her.\~\u8220\'93Now, what brings Edenfield\u8217\'92s finest caretaker to the administrative den? Surely not my scintillating company.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers twitched toward the empty keyhook behind the desk.\~\u8220\'93I need access to the Back Range. For a tour.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A tour?\u8221\'94\~Hudson\u8217\'92s eyebrow arched.\~\u8220\'93With\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~one?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\~He gestured to Eddie\u8217\'92s crutch, his tone light but edged with skepticism.\~\u8220\'93The Back Range is no place for convalescents. Unless\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his voice dropped, almost playful\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8220\'93you\u8217\'92ve discovered a therapeutic application for wyvern venom I haven\u8217\'92t?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The student behind him stifled a nervous laugh. Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw tightened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hudson tapped his clipboard with a gloved finger.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fortunately for you, I\u8217\'92ve just finished compiling data from the Back Range.\u8221\'94\~He gestured to the student behind him, who hurried to place the ledgers on the desk.\~\u8220\'93Though I\u8217\'92d advise against lingering for too long.\u8221\'94\~His gaze lingered on Eddie\u8217\'92s crutch.\~\u8220\'93Predators do so love uneven footing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine ignored the jab.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll manage.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure you will.\u8221\'94\~Hudson\u8217\'92s smile was razor-thin. \u8220\'93Mr. Jones has the key. Do remember to return it.\u8221\'94\~He paused, as if struck by a thought.\~\u8220\'93Ah, and Madeleine? The Student Council\u8217\'92s new security memo applies to\~}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~staff. Even you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 He adjusted his cuffs, then gestured to the waiting student.\~\u8220\'93Now, if you\u8217\'92ll excuse me, these reports won\u8217\'92t transcribe themselves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then he was gone, the sound of his polished shoes fading down the hall, leaving behind the faint scent of bergamot and something sharper\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ozone, maybe, or the ghost of an alchemical reaction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the reception desk, a student leaned back in a worn leather chair, on the table there is a name tag Hughes Jones. He is flipping through a thick ledger with one hand and munching on something out of a paper bag with the other. He looked up as they entered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Hughes,\u8221\'94 Madeleine greeted, brushing a strand of hair behind her ear. \u8220\'93Who was in charge of the gates today?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hughes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tall, freckled, popped the rest of his snack into his mouth and replied around a chew. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Victor. Why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brows furrowed. \u8220\'93Why were the gates closed? It\u8217\'92s not past hours yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hughes shrugged, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As you heard from Professor Hudson,\u8221\'94 he said as he flipped the ledger around lazily. \u8220\'93Security reasons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine blinked, clearly offended. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What security? We already have three layers. There\u8217\'92s the perimeter fences, the Illusory Gate, }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 and}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the fact that the entire Sanctuary is surrounded by a cloaked forest. Nothing gets in or out without going through the gate. You know that right?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know,\u8221\'94 Hughes sighed like he\u8217\'92d been waiting for this part. \u8220\'93Look, I just follow the memo, alright? Got word from the Student Council folks that we needed to re-evaluate the Sanctuary\u8217\'92s security measures. Something about recent creature attacks near campus.\u8221\'94 He held up a crumpled newspaper. \u8220\'93They thought it was us, and has gave us a warning. If we don\u8217\'92t comply, they\u8217\'92ll start pulling campus support.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s ridiculous,\u8221\'94 Madeleine snapped, eyes narrowing. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve done a full count. There\u8217\'92s nothing missing, nothing added. Every species is accounted for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter,\u8221\'94 Hughes said, shrugging again. \u8220\'93If the Student Council says I jump, I ask how high. I don\u8217\'92t make the rules, Madeleine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine, more composed now, held out her hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine. Just give me the key to the Back Range. I\u8217\'92m giving my friend a tour.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hughes hesitated a beat, then opened a drawer and slid out a slender iron key. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here,\u8221\'94 he said, but gave Eddie a pointed look. \u8220\'93Just\u8230\'85 be careful, alright? Last thing I need is a second \u8216\'91incident report\u8217\'92 because someone wandered into a wyvern nest with a limp.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie raised a brow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, you guys talking about me?\u8221\'94 he said, in mock offense. \u8220\'93Because I }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 thrive}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in wyvern-infested terrain, thank you very much.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine smirked but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t linger. \u8220\'93Thanks, Hughes,\u8221\'94 she said, snatching the key before turning on her heel. \u8220\'93Come on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie followed her out, crutch thudding softly against the wooden floor as the door creaked shut behind them. Sunlight filtered through the trees again as they stepped onto the winding dirt path toward the Back Range, the air cooler, quieter, and oddly charged\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like something was waiting just ahead.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}