{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wooden floorboards of the lighthouse creaked under Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoes as he made his way downstairs. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He knew what his mother meant. She wanted him to go back to the one field, the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 only}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  field, where he had ever felt truly alive, where he had been the best. Momentarily, for a fleeting moment, he allowed himself to remember the feeling. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That effortless flow of aether through his hands, the perfect, intuitive snap of a transmutation circle locking into place. He remembered the praise, the confidence, the power.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then, as it always did, the other memory followed, unbidden and sharp as glass.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The scent of wood, chalk and blood. The high-pitched, desperate screaming, a sound that dissolved into a choked, pathetic whimper. The sight of the boy lying motionless on the stone floor of the dueling chamber, a failed circle glowing faintly around him\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thwack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A crumpled ball of paper bounced squarely off the side of his head, shattering the memory. He looked down to the bottom of the stairs. Torrie stood there, arms crossed over her new robes, a furious expression on her face. Her breakfast sat half-eaten on the table beside her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ow,\u8221\'94 Eddie grumbled, rubbing the spot where the makeshift projectile had hit. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You lied to me!\u8221\'94 Torrie groaned, her voice a sharp accusation that cut through his lingering daze. \u8220\'93You promised me! You said I\u8217\'92d get a staff if I got into Aella Academy!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie sighed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, I did that to motivate you on your entrance exam, okay?\u8221\'94 sliding into the chair opposite her and finally starting on his own now-lukewarm breakfast, \u8220\'93Never would\u8217\'92ve thought you\u8217\'92d actually get in\u8221\'94 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Thwack \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Ow!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another crumpled ball of paper bounced squarely off the side of his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that?!\u8221\'94 Torrie demanded, her eyes narrowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing! Look,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, deciding a change of tactic was desperately needed. \u8220\'93The Twig will do just fine! Look, it got the charm!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The charm of a tree branch, that is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, this is the best wand that you\u8217\'92ll ever use in Aella, okay? Their academy-issue wands suck, trust me. They're stiff, they have no personality. The Twig will help you in the long run.\u8221\'94 Eddie said, now in a lower tone}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s ugly and rough,\u8221\'94 Torrie mumbled into her robes, her anger deflating back into a stubborn sulk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what did Mum say?\u8221\'94 Eddie pressed, a knowing glint in his eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie let out an immense, theatrical groan that echoed in the small kitchen. She slumped in her chair, then straightened up, puffing out her chest and adopting a surprisingly accurate, gravelly-smooth imitation of their mother\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lecturing voice. \u8220\'93\u8216\'91It is not the wand, nor the staff, that casts great magic, dear. It is the magician.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A genuine laugh escaped Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips, the first real one of the morning. The sound was warm, chasing away some of the attic's gloom that still clung to him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "That's the one," he said, shaking his head with a smile. "It's the exact same thing she said to me when I first started out." He took another bite of toast, a nostalgic look on his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Some things never change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They talked for some time, bantering before finally, with the clock on the wall ticking relentlessly closer to the school starting time, they cleared their plates and headed out the main door of the lighthouse. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two siblings goes into a shed built against the lighthouse's stone base. The structure was made of weathered, salt-bleached wood that groaned in the sea breeze. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie pulled open the heavy sliding door. It smelled of grease, sawdust, and rust. In the center, dominating the room, sat Mr. Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s small but sturdy boat. The walls were lined with workbenches cluttered with tools, fishing nets hung in tidy coils, and jars of screws and nails arranged with meticulous care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the far corner, leaning against a stack of old lumber, was Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bicycle. Just like the wand now tucked safely in Torrie\u8217\'92s pocket, the bike was clearly not a new acquisition. Its once-bright red frame was faded and chipped. The leather seat was cracked and patched, the handlebars were wrapped in newer black tape that contrasted with the rusted bell, and a wire basket was fastened crookedly to the front. It was less a single machine and more a collection of history, held together by grease, ingenuity, and Welton practicality.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie gripped the handlebars and wheeled the old bicycle out of the shed and into the light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The moment they cleared the relative shelter of the shed, the world opened up and the wind hit them like a physical blow. It was a powerful force coming from the edge of the world, snatching the breath from their lungs and whipping Torrie's twin tails of hair across her face. Her new robes snapped and billowed around her ankles like a ship's sails in a storm. The air was filled with a low, powerful moan as it swept over the headland, a sound underscored by the deep, percussive roar of waves crashing against the rocks far below.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they walked, the grassy cliff top stretched out in a vast, rolling expanse of green, plunging down towards the distant, hazy shape of the port town. Under the relentless force of the wind, the long grasses swayed and bowed in unison, as if they are the second ocean, its undulating waves of green flowing as one towards the churning sea of blue.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {They started down the gravel path that wound its way from the lighthouse towards the farmhouses. }
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 Eddie began, his voice raised slightly to be heard over the wind, \u8220\'93Have you thought about what discipline you'll pick? You'll have to eventually.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just got into Aella, Ed," Torrie said, pulling her robe tighter around herself as she walked. "I\u8217\'92ve got plenty of time to figure that out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You say that now,\u8221\'94 he called back. \u8220\'93And then, boom, third year sneaks up on you, and suddenly you have to choose whether you wanna be an Alchemist, an Illusionist, a Conjurer, or whatever fancy new stuff they\u8217\'92ve come up with since I left.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {"Right now," Torrie said, trying to sound smug, "I just wanna make friends, get to know the teachers. No rush!" Her bravado lasted for another two steps before crumbling under the weight of her nerves. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So\u8230\'85 are the teachers at Silverwood really as strict as Mom says?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Some of them.\u8221\'94 He straightened up and leaned the bike against his hip. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s this one runes teacher, Mrs. Neira. Don't know if she's still teaching or not,\u8221\'94 Eddie began, \u8220\'93but she runs that class with an iron fist. She\u8217\'92s the kind of teacher who can spot an untucked shirt from fifty paces.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie groaned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great. That sounds fantastic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, and don\u8217\'92t even }{\f0\fs24\i1 think}{ about dozing off in her class,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Eddie added with a grimace. \u8220\'93She once hexed my notes to fold themselves into paper rabbits and hop away mid-lecture because I fell asleep.\u8221\'94 He shook his head in disbelief. "And I was only tired from doing her own freaking homework all night! Can you believe that?!"}
\par\plain {Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened behind her glasses. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re joking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wish I was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She slumped dramatically. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is already sounding so fun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, not all the teachers are terrifying.\u8221\'94 Eddie grinned, a real, warm grin this time. \u8220\'93Mr. Ferie\u8217\'92s the exact opposite. He teaches Alchemy, and he\u8217\'92s probably the most laid-back teacher at Silverwood. You\u8217\'92ll like him. He's practically the one who got me into Alchemy and all that stuff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie immediately perked up, her previous anxieties forgotten. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why? What\u8217\'92s he like?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, for one, he actually looks like he enjoys teaching,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, tightening a loose bolt on his handlebar. \u8220\'93And he\u8217\'92s big on competitions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he\u8217\'92s always picking out students to send to alchemy tournaments. Research projects, too. I think he just enjoys the chaos of it all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sounds like someone I\u8217\'92d actually want to take a class with.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you will,\u8221\'94 Eddie smirked as he stood up straight. \u8220\'93And when you do, tell him I send my regards, and\u8230\'85.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie narrowed her eyes suspiciously. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85And?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And that his socks smell.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re terrible!\u8221\'94 Torrie burst into genuine laughter, the sound bright and clear against the roar of the wind. \u8220\'93I am }{\f0\fs24\i1 not}{ telling him that on my first day!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {-o-}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ql\ltrch\loch }