{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie trudged down the stairs, rubbing the grogginess from his face. The scent of toast and eggs still clung to the air, though it had long since cooled. As he descended, the creaking steps announced his arrival before he even reached the bottom.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Torrie was already waiting in the lounge, perched primly on the edge of the couch with her legs swinging like a pendulum. Her school satchel was neatly placed by her feet, and her crisp new uniform looked like it had stepped straight out of the catalogue\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 complete with the oversized wide-brimmed hat resting like a halo on her head.}
\par\plain {She turned to him, adjusting her giant round glasses as they caught the morning light. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You overslept again,\u8221\'94 she said flatly, arms folded like a disappointed teacher.}
\par\plain {Eddie yawned so wide it looked like it might swallow the staircase. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s called }{\f0\fs24\i1 resting,}{ actually. Very crucial to brain function. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll understand when you're older.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie raised an eyebrow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re eighteen, not eighty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And yet,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, scratching the back of his neck, \u8220\'93my back still clicks like a haunted rocking chair.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie eyed him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  remember you were supposed to take me to Preston, right?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie hesitated just long enough for her smirk to widen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 god}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she groaned dramatically, leaning her head back. \u8220\'93You }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 forgot.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, hey, I didn\u8217\'92t forget!\u8221\'94 Eddie protested, pointing a finger at her. \u8220\'93I just\u8230\'85 temporarily }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 misplaced}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that piece of information.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie shook her head, exasperated but amused. "You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re the worst."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And yet,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, heading toward the coat rack, \u8220\'93Here I am\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 up, dressed, vertical\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 ready to escort my little sister to her very first day of secondary school like the responsible brother that I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Only because Mum threatened to scream your name into the void.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {As he passed her, he reached out to ruffle her hair, but Torrie ducked and jabbed him in the ribs with surprising accuracy. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hands }{\f0\fs24\i1 off}{ the hat. This is a sacred hat.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You look like you\u8217\'92re leading a coven,\u8221\'94 Eddie teased.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you look like you lost a fight with your laundry basket,\u8221\'94 she shot back.}
\par\plain {He smirked and opened the front door. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Race you to the shed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie was already halfway out the door before he finished the sentence. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Last one there has to do Mum\u8217\'92s washing!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oi!\u8221\'94 Eddie shouted, chasing after her. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t agree on that!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The shed was old\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 probably older than Eddie himself. The wooden beams sagged slightly under the weight of age and spiderwebs, and the scent of oil, damp wood, and rust lingered like a stubborn memory. Dusty sunlight filtered through the warped gaps in the planks, casting streaks of gold across crooked shelves, jars of loose bolts, and long-forgotten crates with peeling labels.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the middle of it all stood Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s bike.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {It was an ancient, clunky thing\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 its red paint chipped like old war scars, the once-shiny chrome dulled to a pitted grey. The frame bore the legacy of several generations: his father\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s initials still scratched faintly into the underside of the seat, and a frayed leather strap from who-knows-when was looped around the handlebars. It had survived more school runs, potholes, and emergency brake repairs than either of them could count. A relic of the Welton family, held together with duct tape, stubbornness, and just enough sheer luck to avoid total collapse.}
\par\plain {Eddie knelt to tighten the strap securing their satchels onto the back rack. The bike gave a loud metallic groan as he jostled it. He paused, gave it a couple of firm bounces to test the wheels, and nodded like a surgeon satisfied with a patient\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulse.}
\par\plain {Torrie stood nearby, her hat tilted slightly back as she surveyed the machine with theatrical concern. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you ever clean this thing?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie scoffed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s got }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 character.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s got }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 rust.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Character }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 and}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  rust,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he corrected, checking the pedals. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what gives it charm.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {As Eddie adjusted the straps on their satchels, tightening the fraying cords around the battered back rack, Torrie sat swinging her legs off the bench just outside the shed. She tilted her head, watching him with a thoughtful squint behind her round glasses.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So\u8230\'85 are the teachers at Preston really as strict as Mom says?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {Eddie snorted as he gave the tires a final pump. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Most of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He straightened up, arms folded, leaning against the bike like he was about to deliver a war story.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Take Mrs. Neira. She teaches mathematics with iron fists. I swear she can spot an untucked shirt from fifty paces. One time, I tried hiding behind Jacob Weller\u8217\'92s head because I forgot my homework\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she still found me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie groaned, slumping back with theatrical despair. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great. That sounds }{\f0\fs24\i1 fantastic.}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, and don\u8217\'92t even }{\f0\fs24\i1 think}{ about dozing off in her class,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Eddie added, gesturing for effect. \u8220\'93She once hurled a marker across the classroom at me because I blinked too slow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened in horror and awe. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re joking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wish I was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She slumped dramatically against the wooden railing of the shed, letting her satchel tip against her side. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is already sounding so fun.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not all the teachers are terrifying, though. Mr. Ferie\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Chemistry teacher\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 is the exact opposite. Chill guy. He once let us set marshmallows on fire during a combustion demo.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie perked up slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That sounds more like it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, you\u8217\'92ll like him. He doesn\u8217\'92t make you feel stupid when you mess up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie was quiet for a moment, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that where you got into chemistry? From him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie paused, fingers stilling on the strap buckle. The sunlight caught dust motes swirling lazily in the air, giving the shed an odd stillness for a moment.}
\par\plain {He considered how to answer. The truth was harder to explain\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how, ever since he was a kid, he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d sometimes }{\f0\fs24\i1 see}{ things. Not in the way people talked about seeing ghosts or lights or hallucinations. No, it was sharper than that. Stranger. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d look at a metal pipe or a glass bottle and feel like he could see what it was made of\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 see the }{\f0\fs24\i1 molecules,}{ shifting and grinding beneath the surface, as if the world were just a puzzle of tiny, twitching parts waiting to be understood.}
\par\plain {When he was twelve, it had been worse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 so vivid it scared him. People whispered. Teachers looked worried. By fifteen, they called it }{\f0\fs24\i1 schizophrenia}{. The medication dulled it. Smoothed the noise. But it never went away completely.}
\par\plain {And somehow, in the middle of that mess, chemistry made sense. The formulas, the bonds, the way elements behaved\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it all clicked like second nature. Like his brain had just been wired for it. Even if that same wiring made everything else harder. Even if it made him feel like a freak sometimes.}
\par\plain {But how was he supposed to explain any of that to Torrie?}
\par\plain {He shrugged, casually. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kinda. I think when you get into school properly, and you study enough, something\u8217\'92ll just\u8230\'85 click. Could be astronomy. Or history. Or mathematics, who knows. You\u8217\'92ll find something you\u8217\'92re into\u8230\'85 For me, it was chemistry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie looked at him, her expression unusually serious for a second.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85 but you\u8217\'92re like\u8230\'85 you\u8217\'92re born with it,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93And that\u8217\'92s cool.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked at her.}
\par\plain {Then, with a teasing grin, he ruffled her hat, knocking it askew. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You getting sappy on me, Torrington?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She swatted his hand away, cheeks puffed up in mock indignation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ugh, forget I said anything!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Too late. I\u8217\'92m writing it down for blackmail purposes,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, tapping the air like he had a pen. \u8220\'93\u8216\'91Torrie Welton thinks her older brother is cool.\u8217\'92 Historic moment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop it!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He laughed and swung one leg over the bike. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, alright. Let\u8217\'92s get going before you\u8217\'92re getting late and I\u8217\'92ll have to explain everything to mom. \u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Light poured in, golden and fresh, chasing away the dust and shadows. Outside, the streets of Weshaven beckoned\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 cobbled roads damp from morning mist, lined with wooden houses that leaned ever so slightly from the years. The sea breeze carried the scent of salt and fish, mixing with the distant chatter of merchants setting up their stalls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie swung a leg over the bike, glancing back at Torrie. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, You ready?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Torrie adjusted her hat, eyes bright. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ready.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And with that, they rode off, the old bike rattling down the street as the Welton siblings made their way through the waking town.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The bike wobbled slightly as Eddie pushed off from the curb, Torrie clinging tight behind him with her satchel bumping against his back. They rolled out of Howcliffe Road, the familiar rows of semi-detached houses blurring past, their gardens neatly fenced and driveways cluttered with bins and worn-out footballs. The morning sun had risen just high enough to cast a warm glow across the pavement, and the quiet hum of a Sunday morning still lingered.}
\par\plain {As they turned off the main road, Torrie leaned forward. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, we\u8217\'92re not taking the high street?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope,\u8221\'94 Eddie replied, already pedaling harder as the terrain shifted. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re going the old way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie made a noise of protest as the road turned bumpy and narrow, lined with low hedges and patches of gravel. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ugh, Eddie. This is not a road. This is a punishment.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie grinned without looking back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a }{\f0\fs24\i1 shortcut}{.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is }{\f0\fs24\i1 not}{ a shortcut. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s uphill. And full of holes. And my bum is going to file a formal complaint.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {But Eddie kept pedaling, determined. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Trust me. This is the way I used to take every day when I went to Preston. It's not the smoothest, not the fastest\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but wait till you see the view.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Grumbling, Torrie slumped back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This better be the best view.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {They pushed onward. The path grew steeper for a stretch, winding between clusters of elder trees and hedgerows tangled with bramble. Birds chirped overhead, the air crisp and filled with the earthy scent of dew and soil. Then, as they crested the hill, the trees began to thin, giving way to wide, windswept grassland.}
\par\plain {And there it was.}
\par\plain {The North Downs Way stretched before them, its chalky path gleaming pale under the sun. The wind picked up, tugging at their clothes and lifting Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hat slightly askew. Beyond the cliff\u8217\'92s edge, the vast expanse of the English Channel shimmered in the morning light, and far below, the town of Dover unfolded like a toy village\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 its harbour glinting, rooftops jumbled together, ferries drifting lazily across the blue.}
\par\plain {Torrie gasped. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoa.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie planted his feet, steadying the bike as they took in the view. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Told you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer at first, just stared, wind whipping her hair back. \u8220\'93Okay\u8230\'85 maybe this wasn\u8217\'92t }{\f0\fs24\i1 completely}{ the worst idea.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93High praise,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, mock-bowing.}
\par\plain {Torrie rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He nudged her with his elbow, grinning. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Admit it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you\u8217\'92re impressed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85Maybe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {They stood there for a moment longer, the wind rushing past them, cliffs glowing white against the sea.}
\par\plain {Then Torrie cleared her throat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, how much longer till we get there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93About twenty minutes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Better not be another hill.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No promises.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {But her laugh echoed down the trail behind them as they coasted forward, wind in their faces, the town of Dover watching from below like a quiet witness to their journey. }}