{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie and Madeleine walked deeper into the Sanctuary, the mood began to shift. Near the front, sunlight still touched the fences and grassy paths, where Sanctuary members were leading tours for wide-eyed elementary-aged students in matching cloaks. A small group clustered near a gentle, antlered beast with scales like polished stone, giggling as it bowed to let them pet its snout.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Farther along, two caretakers were gently helping an older couple onto the back of a large, feathery creature. It had the wide, watchful eyes of an owl, a powerful bear-like body covered in dappled down, and tucked at its sides\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 massive, elegant wings folded like cloaks. The creature gave a low, soothing hoot as it crouched to let the riders on, its claws curling into the grass with surprising care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It moved with the softness of snowfall, each step deliberate, like it was trying not to startle the breeze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine nudged him.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a nightmare after all, hm?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I guess so.\u8221\'94 Eddie said, but his eyes stayed on the retreating wings.\~\u8220\'93But I didn\u8217\'92t think Professor Hudson for the type to volunteer here,\u8221\'94\~he said abruptly.\~\u8220\'93That man acts like he\u8217\'92d sanitize his hands after petting a puppy or something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s head of the Sanctuary\u8217\'92s research program. Has been for years.\u8221\'94\~Her voice was measured, the way she explained things to spooked animals\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 gentle but firm.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93His connections at the university and the Alchemy Ingredients Warehouse keep our supplies stocked.\u8221\'94 She continued, \u8220\'93Without him, half the creatures here wouldn\u8217\'92t get their specialized tonics in time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie snorted.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but does he actually\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 like}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~them? Or are they just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know, test subjects for him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She laughed,\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I took his Botanical Alchemy course this year. He\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 meticulous. But people aren\u8217\'92t just one thing, Edward.\u8221\'94\~A pause, her gaze drifting toward the Back Range.\~\u8220\'93The man who lectures on \u8216\'91precision over passion\u8217\'92 also hand-feeds sugar cubes to the hippogriffs when he thinks no one\u8217\'92s looking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie raised an eyebrow.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re telling me }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that man }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 has a hidden side we don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m telling you,\u8221\'94\~she said, turning to lead him down the path,\~\u8220\'93That no one is as it seems.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they walked deeper into the sanctuary, the cheerful sounds began to fade, replaced by the hush of thickening woods. The trees here grew denser, the canopy forming a living roof that swallowed the sun. The air turned cooler, stiller, and more humid. Eddie noticed the path narrowing as vines and moss crept along the edges, and the sound of their footfalls became muffled on the leafy ground.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine glanced back at him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is part of the containment,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93The trees are grown close on purpose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 enchanted and cultivated this way. Nothing with wings can take off easily in here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As in\u8230\'85 this forest is acting as its cage?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A forest as a safety net,\u8221\'94 Madeleine corrected gently. \u8220\'93A soft one. The creatures don\u8217\'92t feel trapped, but it keeps everyone safe. Including the creatures.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They finally stepped into the Back Range, marked by a simple wooden arch wrapped in glowing vines. The shadows here were thick, and the only light came from hanging lanterns and fruits that glowed softly like moonlight\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 violet, blue, and faintly golden.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Many of the enclosures were hidden by dark fabrics or veils of moss. Muffled growls and low, thudding breaths rumbled from behind them, unseen but deeply felt. One enclosure bore claw marks on the bark of the trees surrounding it, but no sign of the creature inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression grew somber. \u8220\'93These ones are all recovering,\u8221\'94 she said softly. \u8220\'93Most of them were pulled from military use. Trained, abused, pushed past their limits. They weren\u8217\'92t made for war\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but they were used like weapons.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked around, his gaze flicking from veil to lantern to the faint glow of eyes peering through a curtain of vines. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So they\u8217\'92re injured?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Body and spirit,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Some are still too aggressive to be handled. Others\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 She paused. \u8220\'93Others just need someone to sit near them and remind them they\u8217\'92re not tools.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The silence that followed was heavier than before. Around them, the woods seemed to watch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And as they moved forward, Eddie began to see more of the creatures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 strange, otherworldly, and awe-inspiring. A towering quadruped with armor-like plates over its shoulders huffed in its sleep. A translucent, almost ghostly winged cat with double pupils crept along the high branches. A half-curled serpent with burning red eyes followed them with its gaze from behind a thick enchanted net.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie gripped his crutch tighter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Remind me again why we\u8217\'92re walking }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 towards}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  the terrifying creatures?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine smirked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because you need to see one of them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She led Eddie off the path, up a wooden ramp that creaked under their feet, toward one of the enclosed indoor glass sanctuaries tucked between the thick roots of the forest. The structure was built into the trees, its windows fogged and dark, blending into the woodland like a secret hidden in plain sight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inside, the light dimmed. The sanctuary enclosure was cloaked in heavy shadow, its interior a terrain of sand, rock, and thick branches stacked like ribs. The plaque on the glass read in precise lettering:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 South Alamirian Tiger \endash  }{\f3\fs24\b1\i1 Panthera Alamaris}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Female. Estimated Age: 7. Confiscated from illegal exotic circus. High reactivity. Do not tap on enclosure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shifted his weight onto his crutch and looked around. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. So\u8230\'85 what exactly am I supposed to see?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep your voice down,\u8221\'94 Madeleine murmured, already crouching near a sack on the side. She reached inside and pulled out a thick slab of meat wrapped in brown cloth. With practiced hands, she unraveled it and picked up a feeding stick\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a long rod with a clamp at the end\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and gently stabbed the meat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie was about to ask another question when he heard it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A low, reverberating growl rolled through the enclosure like a slow thunder. He stiffened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t flinch. She simply walked forward and held the rod out, her voice suddenly soft and coaxing. \u8220\'93Here, girl,\u8221\'94 she said, like she was trying to tempt a housecat out from under a couch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A blur of motion. Something large and lean lunged from the shadows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and in a blink, the meat was gone. Snatched mid-air with a sickening }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 crunch}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . The rod quivered slightly in Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then it stepped into view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught in his throat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The creature was tall\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 taller than any normal big cat he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d ever seen. Its body was thin, almost gaunt, but taut with power. A desert-colored coat stretched over sharp muscles, broken only by black stripes like brushstrokes. Its eyes glowed amber in the gloom, wild and intelligent. It prowled low, its massive paws silent against the rock, its tail twitching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the size that struck Eddie dumb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the familiarity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He knew this shape. The lean torso. The long arms. The face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 feral but almost knowing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the same silhouette that had lunged at him through the firelight back on campus. Except\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 not quite. This one was unmistakably an animal. Its movements were feline, graceful, natural. Not like the twisted, upright thing that had ambushed him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine, still holding the rod, glanced at Eddie and smiled gently. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s a South Alamirian Tiger,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice tinged with affection. \u8220\'93Hails from the furthest end of the Alamirian Dunes. Not many left in the wild. This one was taken from a traveling circus in the Northern Markets. Starved, overworked, shackled since she was a cub. She barely knew how to use her claws when they brought her in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her eyes sparkled now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pride, defiance, maybe even joy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 as she spoke. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s the only one we have in the Sanctuary. Took months before she would even let us stand this close. Now she eats from the stick. One day I\u8217\'92m hoping she\u8217\'92ll come right to my hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t answer right away. He was still watching the tiger, who now licked the blood off her paw with slow, deliberate motions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grip tightened on the feeding rod.\~\u8220\'93Is this what attacked you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie shook his head.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Not exactly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s close?\u8221\'94\~Her voice was taut, like a wire about to snap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Same claws. Same eyes. Same way it\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 moves}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\~Eddie\u8217\'92s hands flexed at his sides, as if trying to sculpt the memory out of the air.\~\u8220\'93But the thing that came at me stood\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 upright}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Two legs, like a person. Except\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85\u8221\'94\~He shuddered.\~\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 pretending}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~to be human. It was like\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 something had\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 forced}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~it into the shape of one.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine went very still. Then, with deliberate slowness, she set the rod down and pulled a small notebook from her pocket. The pages fluttered as she flipped to a blank sheet, her pencil already moving.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Show me,\u8221\'94\~she said, her tone calm but edged.\~\u8220\'93Start with the silhouette.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie leaned in.\~\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Taller than me. Thin, but not starved\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 wiry}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\~He watched her sketch the rough outline: a hunched spine, elongated limbs.\~\u8220\'93Shoulders more\u8230\'85\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 here}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\~he corrected, tapping the page. Madeleine adjusted the lines without a word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The face?\u8221\'94\~she prompted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feline. But the jaw was wrong\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 broader}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94\~His finger slashed across the sketch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pencil froze. A drop of sweat slid down her temple.\~\u8220\'93Did it have\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 hands}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not quite. The fingers were fused halfway. Like it got stuck mid-change.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her pencil snapped. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem to notice. The sketch was taking shape now: a grotesque fusion of tiger and man, its posture twisted as if its bones had been broken and reset wrong.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach turned.\~\u8220\'93Yeah. That\u8217\'92s the one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine stared at the drawing, her breath shallow. Around them, the Sanctuary\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s usual chorus of chirps and growls had gone eerily quiet, as if the creatures themselves were listening.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she started, then stopped, her jaw clenched. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s terrifying.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stayed quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not just that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 one}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of them were loose in Edenfield,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she went on, voice low, nearly a whisper. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s that I don\u8217\'92t want to imagine what they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 stitched together}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to make something like that.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie swallowed. The silence stretched. Only the soft, wet sound of the tiger chewing filled the air, methodical and primal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine finally looked back at him, eyes more focused now. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We need to do something about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We should meet up with the others. At the Library. Midnight as usual.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine blinked. Then, slowly, a small smile tugged at the corners of her mouth. She stepped forward and tapped him gently on the arm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Next week,\u8221\'94 she said softly. \u8220\'93You need to rest first.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie exhaled. He hadn't realized how tightly he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been gripping his crutch. \u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85 okay. Next week.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine nodded, her expression softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know someone who might be able to help,\u8221\'94 she said quietly. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve got connections with the district government\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 real ones, not just student council nonsense. I can let them know about our next meeting.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked up at her, curious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You trust them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I do,\u8221\'94 she said, firm but calm. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ll be glad to help. Especially if something this dangerous is walking around Edenfield.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie nodded slowly. The silence returned, filled only by the soft crunching of the tiger eating its meal behind the glass. The weight of what they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d just discussed still lingered, but something in Madeleine\u8217\'92s certainty settled him a little.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Outside, the leaves rustled in the thick trees above. The tiger, finished with her meal, settled back into the shadows, vanishing like a ghost into the enclosure\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s far corner.}}