{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki continued walking along the paved road that wound through the forest, the fading light casting long shadows across the path. The scene was serene, a stark contrast to the rainy, muddy night when she had first stumbled upon this place in the present. The air was crisp and cool, filled with the gentle rustling of leaves and the distant chirping of birds. It was peaceful, almost idyllic, and for a moment, Haruki allowed herself to forget the weight of everything that had happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she walked, the small house came into view. It was a humble cottage, nestled among the trees, its wooden walls weathered but sturdy. The roof was sloped and tiled, and the windows were framed by simple shutters. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t grand or imposing, but it had a quiet charm that made it feel like home\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at least, for now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki approached the house, her footsteps soft against the paved road. The two doors\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one at the front and one at the back\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stood as a reminder of the strange, almost magical quality of this place. She paused for a moment, her hand resting on the handle of the front door, before pushing it open and stepping inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The air inside was cool and still, the faint scent of wood and earth filling her nostrils. The interior was simple but cozy, with a small wooden table, a few chairs, and a fireplace in the corner. The floorboards creaked softly under her feet as she walked further in, her bag slung over her shoulder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki set her bag down by the table, her back against the wooden chair. She closed her eyes, letting out a long breath as the events of the day replayed in her mind. Meeting Nagano and Honoka, seeing them as they truly were\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 young, vibrant, and full of life\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had been both exhilarating and overwhelming. She had seen a side of her parents she had never known, a side that made her heart ache with a strange mix of joy and sadness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki sat at the small wooden table, her thoughts swirling like a storm. She couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop thinking about what she had done in the present\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how she had run away from home, angry and hurt, after her parents had crushed her dreams. She had been so consumed by her anger that she hadn\u8217\'92t stopped to consider how they might feel. Did they regret their decision? Were they worried about her? Or were they just as stubborn and unyielding as ever?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But now, after meeting Nagano and Honoka\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the younger versions of her parents\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 she was reminded of the good times she had shared with them. She thought about her father singing\~}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ue o Muite Aruk\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u333\'6F}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \~to her when she was little, his voice warm and comforting. She thought about her mother, who, despite her busy schedule, would sometimes talk to her or ask for help in the kitchen. Those moments had been rare, but they had been precious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She also thought about Aiko and Akihito, her best friends. What were they thinking now? Were they worried about her? Did they think she had disappeared like Yaeko Matsuda? The thought made her chest tighten. If she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t return, would she become just another rumor\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a girl who went missing before graduation because of an argument with her parents? The reputation of the Art Club would be tarnished, with two vice-presidents disappearing under similar circumstances.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki missed everything from her time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her strict parents, her best friends, her club. She missed the life she had left behind, even if it hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been perfect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her gaze drifted to the door opposite her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the one she had come through. Beyond that door was the present, the 2000s, her real home. She got up from the table and walked over to it, her heart pounding. She grabbed the handle and tried to pry it open, but it wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t budge. She nudged it, then forced it, slamming her body against it in desperation. But the door remained firmly shut, and all she succeeded in doing was hurting her shoulders and knocking over the items on the nearby shelves.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki sat on the floor, rubbing her sore shoulders and wincing in pain. As she caught her breath, she noticed something among the scattered items\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a leather-bound book. It was red with brass edges, and its pages had fallen open to a specific spread. Haruki picked it up, her curiosity piqued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the left page was an illustration of the door before her, the sketch eerily accurate. The details were precise, from the grain of the wood to the brass handle. It was as if someone had drawn it from life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the right page was a poem, its text surrounded by intricate illustrations and decorations that looked medieval\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 far older than the time she was currently in. The words were written in an elegant script, and they read:}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When the sun meets the moon}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 When the dark meets the light}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 When the evil meets the good}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 When the man meets the lady}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \line }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The gate shall open.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki stared at the page, her mind racing. At first, she thought it was just a vintage book, perhaps something the previous owner of the cottage had collected. But the illustration of the door and the cryptic poem made her wonder if there was more to it. Was this a clue? A way back to her own time?}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 She closed the book and placed it back on the shelf, her thoughts still swirling. As she did, she took a moment to look around the cabin more carefully. Now that she would be spending the night here, she figured she might as well familiarize herself with the place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The cabin was small but cozy, filled with an eclectic mix of vintage items. Maps were pinned to the walls, their edges frayed and yellowed with age. Shelves were lined with old books, their spines cracked and worn, and collections of bottled ships sat neatly arranged, their tiny sails frozen in time. Whoever owned this place had a clear love for history and craftsmanship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But what caught Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention the most were the walls lined with experimental still-life paintings. The strokes were bold and expressive, the colors vibrant yet harmonious. There were also sketches of the town\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 plein-air paintings that seemed to have been done by hand, capturing the essence of the streets and buildings with remarkable detail. Haruki leaned closer to one of the paintings, her eyes scanning the bottom corner for a signature. It was written in a kanji she didn\u8217\'92t recognize, but she could make out the name \u8220\'93Matsuko.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stepped back, her curiosity piqued. Whoever Matsuko was, they clearly had a passion for art\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 something Haruki could relate to. She felt a strange sense of gratitude toward this mysterious person. Whoever they were, they seemed to understand her in a way no one else did. Maybe they even knew why she had traveled back in time. Haruki didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mind waiting for their return, if they ever came back at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The cabin itself was small but functional. It had one bedroom, one bathroom, and a combined kitchen, living room, and dining area in the center. It was clearly designed for one person, and Haruki couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but feel a sense of comfort in its simplicity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She made her way to the bedroom, where an iron-frame bed stood against the wall. In front of it was a wardrobe, its wooden doors slightly ajar. Haruki opened it and found a collection of clothes inside. She inspected them, surprised to find that they were about her size. There were pajamas, shirts, and even school uniforms that seemed to fit her perfectly. Whoever Matsuko was, they had left behind a wardrobe that felt almost tailor-made for Haruki.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Relieved to have spare clothes to borrow, Haruki decided to take a bath. She grabbed a set of pajamas and a towel from the wardrobe and headed to the bathroom. The small space was clean and functional, with a wooden tub and a shelf lined with basic toiletries. Haruki turned on the water, letting it fill the tub as she undressed and slipped into the warm, soothing embrace of the bath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As she soaked, her mind wandered back to the events of the day\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 meeting Nagano and Honoka, discovering the cabin, and finding the mysterious book. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what tomorrow would bring, but for now, she allowed herself to relax, the tension in her shoulders easing as the warm water enveloped her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When she was done, Haruki dried off and changed into the borrowed pajamas. They were soft and comfortable, and she felt a strange sense of belonging as she slipped them on. She returned to the bedroom and climbed into the bed, the sheets cool against her skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As she settled in, her eyes wandered to the bedside cabinet, where a sketchbook lay neatly placed. At first, she felt a flicker of delight. The cover was worn but well-loved, and in the top right corner was that familiar kanji again:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Matsuko}{\f0\fs24\b0 . This must belong to them, she thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki reached for the sketchbook, her fingers brushing against its textured cover. But as she opened it, her excitement turned to shock. The sketchbook was from a brand she recognized\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the exact same brand she used in the present time. Her heart raced as she flipped through the pages, her eyes widening at what she saw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The sketches and watercolor paintings inside were unmistakably of modern-day Japan. She recognized the sleek, towering buildings, the ubiquitous vending machines, and the modern cars that filled the streets. There were even detailed drawings of places she knew well\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her school, the Art Club room, and the streets of her hometown. The dates scribbled in the margins confirmed it: these sketches were from the 2000s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind raced. This Matsuko person wasn\u8217\'92t just a collector of vintage items or an artist from the past. They were a fellow time traveler\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 someone who had also been pulled into this strange, unfamiliar world. And if Matsuko had left this sketchbook behind, maybe they had found a way back to their own time. Maybe they could help Haruki do the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Excitement bubbled up inside her as she grabbed a pen from the bedside table. She flipped to a blank page in the sketchbook and began writing a note:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Dear Matsuko,}{\f0\fs24\b0 \line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I don\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t know who you are or how you ended up here, but I think we\u8217\'92re in the same situation. I\u8217\'92ve borrowed your cabin for a while, until I can find a way back to my time. If you come back, please leave a message for me. I\u8217\'92d love to talk.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Sincerely,}{\f0\fs24\b0 \line }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Haruki Fujiyama.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She closed the sketchbook and placed it back on the cabinet, her heart still pounding. But as she sat there, her fingers twitched with a familiar itch. It had been so long since she had held a sketchbook, and the urge to draw was overwhelming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki opened the sketchbook again, flipping to a fresh page. She picked up the pen and began to doodle, her hand moving almost instinctively. First, she drew a caricature of Mr. Genzo, his stern expression exaggerated to comical proportions. Then she sketched Honoka, her shy smile and flustered cheeks captured in quick, confident lines. Sakura came next, her cheerful demeanor shining through, followed by Nagano, his guitar slung over his shoulder and a mischievous grin on his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As she drew, a smile tugged at her lips. For the first time in what felt like forever, she felt a sense of joy and freedom. The act of creating, of putting her thoughts and emotions onto paper, was like coming home. She lost herself in the sketches, the world around her fading away as she focused on the lines and shapes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When she finally put the pen down, her heart felt lighter. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what tomorrow would bring, but for now, she was grateful for this moment of peace. She closed the sketchbook and placed it back on the cabinet, then lay down in the bed, pulling the sheets up to her chin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As she drifted off to sleep, her mind wandered back to the sketchbook and the mysterious Matsuko. Whoever they were, they had left behind a piece of themselves\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a connection to Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s own time and a glimmer of hope that she wasn\u8217\'92t alone in this strange journey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And maybe, just maybe, they held the key to finding her way back home.}}