{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Consolas-Italic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Consolas;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\li720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs22\i1 <$Scr_Ps::0>Rewrite the scene above so that the two characters use their expositional facts as weapons during a fight in which one }{\f1\fs22\i1 c}{\f1\fs22\i1 haracter forces the other to do something that he or she does not want to do.}
\par\plain \f1\fs22\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs22\b0\i1 Write the scene so that the exposition becomes invisible and the characters\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92 behaviors credible. In other words, write it so that the conflict or seduction fascinates the reader/audience, and the exposition they need to know slips unawares, invisibly, as it were, into their minds. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs22\b0\i0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Start}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 John just got back from his work, and Jane too, they are in their 30s, John owns a sizeable company whilst Jane works at the banks, }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How was work today, honey?\u8221\'94 jane asks}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 John manages to complains about the company\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s finances, it\u8217\'92s hasn\u8217\'92t been doing great eversince the new bills are passed, \u8220\'93But I can\u8217\'92t wait for the Boston Reunion this weekend, say will you be joining?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I will, it will be like the old times.\u8221\'94 Jane said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve contacted my old friends, the Women\u8217\'92s Socialist club girls will be there too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wouldn\u8217\'92t be you without the little trotskyites would it?\u8221\'94 John smiles,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m telling you not all socialist follows Totsky, we read Marx\u8217\'92s work!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever whatever,\u8221\'94 John chuckled, he then checks his wardrobe, only to find that his almameter suit isn\u8217\'92t there, \u8220\'93Honey? Where is the almamater suit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I should be finished by now, dear. I told Mrs. Hendricks to wash ours since we\u8217\'92ll be going tomorrow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mrs. Hendricks- Goodness gracious, Jane.\u8221\'94 John groaned, \u8220\'93Why are you asking her to do it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know I can\u8217\'92t do the laundry alone, John.\u8221\'94 Jane said, \u8220\'93The banks has been putting me on overtime these past few months. I couldn\u8217\'92t do the chores without Mrs. Hendricks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That is now what I meant, Jane.\u8221\'94 He said, \u8220\'93I- Look. We can\u8217\'92t recklessly hire someone that continously do this kind of work.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you suggesting me to fire her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m suggesting that you hire someone else, Jane. Someone more competent.\u8221\'94 He said, \u8220\'93We talked about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what? Let her starve in the street?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you say it like that-\u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you know that she works in multiple housholds? Do you know that her husband leave her, and she have to take care of her multiple children?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Jane-\u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, of course you don\u8217\'92t. You never did! You don\u8217\'92t have to think about these kind of stuff, that never crosses your mind! Your family owned millions of dollars! Hired thousands of workers to work in your magnificent mansions only we could dream of! Whilst you and your family enjoys the things we work hard to get I-\u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Enough!\u8221\'94 John shouted}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get it.\u8221\'94 John said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m rich, my family is rich, and I don\u8217\'92t get this whole class struggle crap you and your friends has been preaching in the univesity, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This has nothing to do with-\u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bullshit. That\u8217\'92s what\u8217\'92s only on your mind, you and your selfish idealistic beliefs about class struggles.\u8221\'94 He steamed, \u8220\'93That ideal lifestyle and millions of dollars has been gone for decades, and you know it. I have been working my ass of to pay my father\u8217\'92s debts and lose all of that millions you\u8217\'92ve been talking after he died. And you think I don\u8217\'92t understand what is it like to lose everything?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Beats it. You only did what you did because it feels right. Because it feeds into your ideals that you are doing the right thing. You dont\u8217\'92 see what happens when you let it in the long run.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just get your dress ready, we don\u8217\'92t need to use the almameter suits anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 John then walked towards the doorframe}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And do something about that deadweight of a woman.\u8221\'94}}