{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Sleep refused to come. Hours after the sun had dipped below the horizon, Eddie lay awake in his bed, staring into the violet-tinged darkness of his room. The only light came from the soft, synthetic glow of a purple UV lamp on his nightstand, a habit he'd picked up at Edenfield to help him wind down. Tonight, it did nothing but cast long, distorted shadows across his walls, making the familiar shapes of his posters and charts seem alien.}
\par\plain {He couldn't stop replaying the day's events. A Lady. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been friends with an actual, titled, castle-having Lady. It felt absurd. The Madeleine he knew packed her own lunch, complained about tedious homework assignments, and had once spent twenty minutes helping him scrub griffin dung off his boots without a single complaint. She never pulled rank or acted like she was a year older and more senior than him; she just wanted to be treated like a friend.}
\par\plain {A phrase echoed in his mind, something Madeleine herself had said to him last year when they were discussing the notoriously stern Professor Hudson. }{\f0\fs24\i1 "Nobody is as it seems, Eddie."}
\par\plain {A bitter laugh escaped his lips. How right she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been. He had been so wrong, about so many things.}
\par\plain {He'd been convinced Professor Hudson, with his grim demeanor and exacting standards, was the evil alchemist behind her kidnapping. Wrong. The man had risked his own career to help the investigation.}
\par\plain {He had trusted Walther Schroder. Walther, the charming, witty teaching assistant who always had time to help the younger students. Eddie had looked up to him, seen him as a mentor. Wrong again. Walther was the monster, the ringleader of the Chimaera syndicate, who had smiled in his face while planning to dissect creatures and ransom Madeleine.}
\par\plain {And now, he was wrong about Madeleine. Not about her kindness or her friendship\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 that felt real\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but about who she was. The sheer scale of what she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d hidden from him felt\u8230\'85 vast. A knot of conflicting emotions twisted in his gut. Confusion, certainly. But beneath it, a sharp sting that felt uncomfortably like betrayal.}
\par\plain {Restless, he pushed himself up, his eyes falling on the source of his turmoil. The elegant envelope lay on his desk, its crimson seal catching the purple light. He picked it up, tracing the stag sigil with his thumb. He felt foolish, like he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been playing checkers while everyone else was playing a game of three-dimensional chess he didn't even know existed.}
\par\plain {He turned the envelope over in his hands, the thick parchment cool against his skin. And that's when he saw it.}
\par\plain {At first, it was just a trick of the light, a faint shimmer against the creamy paper. But as he angled the envelope under the direct glow of the UV lamp, it wasn't a shimmer. It was writing. Faint, ethereal strokes of white light pulsed gently, completely invisible in normal daylight but clear as day under the UV.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 A secret message?}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart leaped. He scrambled off his bed, snatching the envelope and holding it directly under the lamp. The hidden script, written in a hurried, slightly messy scrawl completely unlike the formal cursive on the front, flared to life.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 "Hey, Eddie! Sorry to interrupt your winter holiday, but I was really hoping you'd find this message."}
\par\plain {A wide grin broke across Eddie's face, the knot of confusion and betrayal in his stomach instantly loosening. The informal tone, the slight apology, the hopefulness\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was so perfectly }{\f0\fs24\i1 her}{.}
\par\plain {"Now }{\f0\fs24\i1 this}{ sounds like Madeleine," he whispered into the quiet of his room.}
\par\plain {His curiosity reignited, he carefully slid the formal letter back out of the envelope, his movements now filled with purpose. If there was a message on the outside, there had to be more on the inside. He spread the thick parchment flat on his desk, directly under the beam of the UV lamp.}
\par\plain {The formal, elegant script remained, but now, nestled in the wide, empty margin at the bottom of the page, a new message glowed with the same ethereal white light. It was just three words, written in bold, blocky letters, with a small arrow pointing to the edge of the paper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 TURN IT AROUND.}
\par\plain {With trembling hands, Eddie flipped the letter over. The back, which had been completely blank just moments before, was now filled with the same hurried, casual handwriting from the envelope. It was a second letter, the real letter, hidden in plain sight.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\i1 Hey, Eddie! It's been a while. How is your holiday?}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\i1 Please don't mind my earlier word mumbo-jumbo. My father insisted I write that to you. Ever since\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 well, ever since what happened, he\u8217\'92s been adamant that he wanted to meet you.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Yes, my father Richard. The Count of Brownhedge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 I know what you're thinking. "Madeleine, how could you?" I get it. You probably have a million questions, and I promise I'll fill you in on everything when we meet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 I'm so sorry you have to go through this. I know this must be a lot for somebody who's never had to deal with this kind of stuff before.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie knew exactly what she meant. Not magic, not alchemy, but the stiff, ancient, and utterly foreign world of royalty traditions.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\i1 I'll help you as much as I can, I swear. But when it comes to my father, I have no say in the matter. He\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 decided. So you have to come.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\i1 I will treat you to whatever you want for your trouble. A whole tray of those sweet buns from the bakery near campus? A new set of scrying crystals? Anything. But please, please come.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 I'm so sorry for dragging you into this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Love, Madeleine.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie read the letter twice, then a third time, the soft purple light of his room making the glowing words seem to float above the page. All the lingering hurt from the formal invitation evaporated, replaced by a wave of profound relief and a heavy dose of reality.}
\par\plain {This was the friend he knew. Apologetic, a little frantic, and more concerned about his feelings than her own. She wasn't a distant Lady hiding her identity out of shame; she was a girl trapped by it, and now, he was trapped with her. He wasn't being summoned by a noble house to be given a medal. He was being dragged into a family drama, summoned by a powerful Count whose daughter he had happened to save.}
\par\plain {He sank down onto the edge of his bed, the letter still in his hand. The boredom of his summer vacation was officially over. In its place was a daunting, terrifying, and strangely thrilling invitation he knew he couldn't possibly refuse.}
\par\plain }