{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The Edenfield Police Department felt nothing like the rest of campus.}
\par\plain {Gone were the whimsical arches, the enchanted sconces, the scent of parchment and old spellbooks. Here, the walls were flat stone and the light was sterile, humming faintly overhead from charmed crystals embedded in the ceiling. The waiting room was too large and far too empty, its rows of bolted-down iron chairs left mostly unoccupied, their surfaces cold and uninviting.}
\par\plain {A steaming cup of tea would\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve felt absurd here. Even a fire rune would\u8217\'92ve died out from shame.}
\par\plain {Eddie sat forward in his chair, elbows on knees, hands clasped so tightly his knuckles had gone white. Across from him, Will tapped his foot, the soft }{\f0\fs24\i1 tick-tick-tick}{ filling the silence like a clock running out. Ashley sat between them, shoulders drawn in, her staff across her lap like a protective ward.}
\par\plain {Two Paladins flanked the stone archway into the main precinct\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tall, gleaming figures in full white steel, faces hidden behind opaque visors. They didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move. They didn\u8217\'92t speak. Just stood as if carved from the same walls they guarded, radiant symbols faintly glowing from the glyphwork etched into their armor.}
\par\plain {Besides them, there was no one else.}
\par\plain {Except Victoria.}
\par\plain {She sat apart\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one row down, two seats to the left. A deliberate distance. She had her coat draped across her lap, hands folded atop it with eerie stillness. Her blazer still looked pristine. But the shadow under her eyes betrayed something closer to human.}
\par\plain {No one had said anything since they arrived.}
\par\plain {The air was heavy with grief unspoken. Questions without answers. The kind of silence you didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to break, because it might just shatter you with it.}
\par\plain {Eddie stared at the floor. A hairline crack ran through one of the stone tiles.}
\par\plain {He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stop thinking it looked like the ones inside him.}
\par\plain {A voice crackled through the intercom on the far wall.\line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edward Welton?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head snapped up.}
\par\plain {He rose slowly, the missing person paperwork clutched tightly in his grip. It was still warm from his hands\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 creased and smudged from where he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d rewritten parts of it, over and over again, as if clearer words could change reality.}
\par\plain {Will gave him a nod. Ashley didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t speak, but her eyes followed him until he reached the desk.}
\par\plain {The reception counter loomed under flickering crystallight. Behind the reinforced glass sat a tired-looking officer in navy-blue robes, his badge dulled and his eyes glazed with bureaucratic fatigue. Without looking up, he extended a hand through the opening.}
\par\plain {Eddie passed the form through.}
\par\plain {The officer glanced over the details, flipped a few pages, then sighed and reached for a stamp. A dull }{\f0\fs24\i1 thud}{ echoed as red ink met parchment.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve logged the case,\u8221\'94 the man said flatly. \u8220\'93Estimated processing time is one month.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A month? But\u8230\'85 she is missing today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got over three hundred active missing persons reports,\u8221\'94 the officer said, finally looking at him. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll be contacted when a field detective is assigned.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s too long,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, his voice rising. \u8220\'93She was taken. This isn\u8217\'92t someone who wandered off. This is different. They\u8217\'92re making Chimaeras. They're experimenting on people\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Chimaeras?\u8221\'94 The man scoffed. \u8220\'93Right. And maybe dragons are nesting in the west tower again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I\u8217\'92m serious,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, stepping closer to the glass. \u8220\'93We saw one. Someone\u8217\'92s continuing the research. They\u8217\'92ve got her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The officer\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tone flattened. \u8220\'93The creation of Chimaeras has been outlawed for four hundred years. No confirmed sightings in three centuries. Every known text on the process has been destroyed or locked away in Council vaults. They don\u8217\'92t exist anymore, kid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But they do,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, louder now. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve seen one. Madeleine\u8217\'92s missing. Her wand was left behind. There were signs of a struggle. We don\u8217\'92t have a month. She doesn\u8217\'92t have a month\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look,\u8221\'94 the man snapped, tapping the form with one ink-stained finger. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m telling you what I tell every family that comes through this door: sit tight and wait your turn. We don\u8217\'92t have the manpower to chase fairy tales. You want help? Get in line.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie stood there, chest heaving, a bitter heat rising in his throat.}
\par\plain {The officer let out a tired huff and leaned back in his chair. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is there anything else,\u8221\'94 he asked, voice thick with boredom, \u8220\'93or are you just going to stand there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie stared at him for a beat longer\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 jaw clenched, knuckles white at his sides\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 then turned without a word.}
\par\plain {His footsteps echoed down the polished stone floor as he walked back into the waiting room. The two paladins guarding the doors didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t flinch. They stood motionless in their gleaming armor, visors down, like statues of judgment watching over a tomb.}
\par\plain {Ashley and Will looked up from their seats, expectant\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t meet their eyes.}
\par\plain {Victoria spoke before anyone else could.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You won\u8217\'92t get anywhere with them,\u8221\'94 she said quietly. \u8220\'93Not with the police. Not with a case like this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond. Not right away.}
\par\plain {He just walked past her.}
\par\plain {Through the heavy oak doors. Down the pale marble steps of the Edenfield Police Department.}
\par\plain {And into the cold, sleepless city night.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie sat slumped against the cold stone wall just outside the police department, legs drawn up, arms limp at his sides. The sharp night wind tugged at his jacket, but he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move. Didn\u8217\'92t shiver. Didn\u8217\'92t speak. His eyes stared ahead, glassy and hollow, reflecting nothing but streetlight and the faraway haze of passing carriages.}
\par\plain {He looked like someone who\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d already buried what mattered.}
\par\plain {The heavy doors creaked open behind him.}
\par\plain {Ashley stepped out first, followed by Will. Their footsteps slowed when they saw him on the ground.}
\par\plain {Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow furrowed. She looked down at him, voice tight. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re just going to sit here?\u8221\'94 she pressed, sharper now. \u8220\'93Let them do nothing? Let her be gone?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will glanced between them, uneasy, but stayed quiet.}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move. \u8220\'93The police said it themselves. They\u8217\'92re overwhelmed. Missing people all over the place. If even they can\u8217\'92t help... what chance do we have?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will lingered behind her, unusually silent.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s gone, Ashley.\u8221\'94 }{Eddie said, letting his head fall back against the stone wall, eyes closing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s over,\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {Ashley stared at him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 then dropped to a crouch in front of him, eyes fierce and unwavering. Her staff was still clutched tight in one hand like a torch not yet snuffed.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked back, \u8220\'93What did you just said?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I said, it is not over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on,\u8221\'94 Eddie said. His voice was low and hoarse, but angry now. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t give me that nonsense. Don\u8217\'92t you see that we\u8217\'92re standing inside a building full of knights and mages trained to uphold the law. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Do you see justice served in that building?}{\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouth parted slightly, but he didn\u8217\'92t stop.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think if we just }{\f0\fs24\i1 try hard enough}{ we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll find her?\u8221\'94 His voice cracked. \u8220\'93That we can just charge off into the night and save her like some a hero?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will stayed behind them, his expression unreadable.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not being realistic. You're talking like someone who thinks justice always wins if you just }{\f0\fs24\i1 want it hard enough}{. }{\f0\fs24\i1 When you scream enough.}{ But justice doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come because we }{\f0\fs24\i1 believe}{ in it. It comes with power, with reach\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and we don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have any of that. We\u8217\'92re just bunch of fucking kids. So let it go, Ashley. We\u8217\'92re not going anywhere with this, It\u8217\'92s over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley leaned closer, the wind tousling her wavy brunette hair with blond fades, eyes burning with quiet defiance.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you give up. If }{\f0\fs24\i1 we}{ give up. Then we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve lost. We will }{\f0\fs24\i1 lose}{ Madeleine.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Her voice caught\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just for a moment\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but she didn\u8217\'92t look away. \u8220\'93But we haven\u8217\'92t yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what they want us to do,\u8221\'94 she continued, voice burning now. \u8220\'93Wait. Fade. Let the fire go out. But we don\u8217\'92t have to. We don\u8217\'92t have to wait for permission to fight for her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie looked at her, something fragile flickering in his eyes.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said there\u8217\'92s no hope,\u8221\'94 she continued. \u8220\'93But there is. There\u8217\'92s still }{\f0\fs24\i1 us.}{ We saw what happened. We know who took her. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s more than enough to start.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t know what\u8217\'92s out there, Ashley.\u8221\'94 Eddie said, \u8220\'93If they can create a Chimaera, god knows what else can they do\u8230\'85 and you think we can go against something like that?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She stood, her voice steady and resolute when she said:}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not over if you deem it is not over.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The words hit Eddie like a pulse through the chest. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard them once before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 different place, different pain.}
\par\plain {He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t expected to hear them again. }
\par\plain {Not halfway across the continent. In a city so far removed from the corner of the world. And most of all.}
\par\plain {He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t expected to hear them from }{\f0\fs24\i1 Ashley}{.}
\par\plain {Those words. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Her words}{ had pushed him to stand when he wanted to fall and stay on the ground a few years ago.}
\par\plain {And now, in some strange, fractured way, she was still pushing him. Not in flesh and voice, but through Ashley, of all people.}
\par\plain {Through the echo of a creed he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d thought was buried.}
\par\plain {A laugh escaped Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more morbid than amused. It was ironic. }
\par\plain {He looked at Ashley\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her eyes steady, her resolve burning\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and in that moment, the old promise rang out louder than the despair threatening to drown him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Damn you, Catherine.}{ Eddie thought. }{\f0\fs24\i1 You never leave me alone, huh.}
\par\plain {He tried to rise, muscles stiff and heavy, like dragging himself out of quicksand.}
\par\plain {Will and Ashley didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hesitate\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they each reached out a hand to steady him.}
\par\plain {Eddie grasped them, letting their strength pull him upright.}
\par\plain {He wiped a hand over his face, eyes searching Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s with a flicker of reluctant hope.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So,\u8221\'94 he said, voice rough but steadying, \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the plan? If you\u8217\'92re the one who\u8217\'92s not giving up, I\u8217\'92m betting you\u8217\'92ve got a few tricks left up your sleeve.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze sharpened, determination flaring.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re going to need help moving this faster,\u8221\'94 she said quietly, then looked over toward Victoria, who was standing nearby, arms crossed but watching intently.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then we need a help from her,\u8221\'94 Ashley said, \u8220\'93Her father\u8217\'92s the police chief. Maybe he can push things along, make sure Madeleine\u8217\'92s case doesn\u8217\'92t get buried.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyebrows lifted. \u8220\'93Victoria?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Victoria folded her arms tighter, eyes cold. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huh? Why would I? My father\u8217\'92s never around. He\u8217\'92s more interested in his own world than anything happening here. In fact, why would I want to do it for any of you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will stepped forward, cutting through the tension like a blade. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, cut the crap.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t bother softening his tone.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care how much you hate us. But there\u8217\'92s one thing I know for sure\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you cared about Madeleine, I see that you are close friends to some sense. Maybe you hate how things went down with us, maybe you hate us, and you don\u8217\'92t trust any of us, but you love Madeleine. Just like we do\u8230\'85 Like we all do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {His voice cracked with urgency, raw and unyielding.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So put aside whatever disdain you have for us, for whatever grudge you\u8217\'92re holding onto. Help us get her back. Don\u8217\'92t do it for us, do it for her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The words hung heavy in the cold air, a desperate plea\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and maybe the only chance they had.}
\par\plain {Victoria\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes flickered, something unreadable breaking through the walls she kept up.}}