{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Small;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs20\cf0
\pard\plain \tx562\tx1123\tx1685\tx2246\tx2808\tx3370\tx3931\tx4493\tx5054\tx5616\tx6178\tx6739\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Eddie, Will and Ashley argued with the EPD about Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dissapearance, when they talked, it is revealed that turns out there are so many dissapearance lately}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Eddie lost hope}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Ashley pep talk}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Ashley asked Victoria for help, her father is in the chief, she thinks it will be much faster if Victoria is the one reaching out}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 Victoria don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to do it}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 But Ashley said to do it for Madeline, not for them. She might had grudge against the three of them, but they know they all love Madeleine, and for once they need to work together}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 1. - The wait at the police station}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 2.+ They are called }
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 3. - The police said it took a month, and when they pressed, the police said that there are numerous of missing people cases, and they are overwhelmed, it will take a while for the detective team to get to Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s case}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 4. The trio resigned, Eddie gave up, maybe he is not cut out for any of this. Ashley gave a pep talk that it is not over, if they think it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not over. Which throws back to Catherine\u8217\'92s advice back when he was in Weshaven}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 5. Ashley then asked Victoria a favour, since her father is the police chief, he might be able to help it faster,}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 6. But victoria refused saying why would she do that. Her father was never around, her relationship with her father is not what she expected. But Will said that she should cut the crap. He doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care if she hated them. But one thing for sure that she is a close friend to Madeleine too, she might hate them, but she love Madeleine. Just like how they all love Madeleine, so he begs her to put aside her disdain, and help them get her back}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 7.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 8.}
\par\plain \f0\fs20\b0\i0}