{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The familiar bustle of Edenfield University felt hollow to Will as he navigated its pathways. Gone was his usual easy smile, replaced by a grim determination etched on his face. In his right hand, a wad of flyers emblazoned with the chilling words "Missing Person" served as a constant reminder of their plight. Ashley's smiling face, captured in the accompanying photo, only amplified the weight that settled on his heart with each step.}
\par\plain {Will wasn't alone in his mission. Madeleine, her presence a silent pillar of support, walked beside him. The once vibrant campus, teeming with student life, now seemed muted, the usual chatter replaced by hushed whispers that followed them like worried shadows. Every curious glance that lingered on their grim expressions fueled Will's urgency.}
\par\plain {With each poster he slapped onto a surface - a telephone pole, a wall, a bulletin board - a flicker of hope ignited, only to be extinguished by the harsh reality of the situation. His hands trembled slightly as he secured another one, the stark contrast between Ashley's beaming smile and the stark words above it a constant punch to the gut.}
\par\plain {Madeleine's voice, a beacon of unwavering belief, pierced through the fog of despair clouding his mind. "Will," she said, her hand finding his, "we're going to find her. I can feel it."}
\par\plain {Will yearned to share her optimism. "I wish I could too, Madeleine," he sighed, his voice heavy with a weariness that belied the short time since Ashley's disappearance. "But it's been almost a day, and the police have nothing. I feel... powerless."}
\par\plain {"I understand," Madeleine offered gently, her grip tightening on his hand. "But giving up hope isn't an option. Ashley wouldn't want that."}
\par\plain {Will squeezed her hand back, a flicker of defiance igniting within him. "You're right," he conceded, straightening his shoulders as they continued their walk. "Ashley wouldn't want to be kidnapped in the first place," he muttered, his voice laced with anger.}
\par\plain {Their journey continued, a silent promise hanging heavy in the air. They would plaster Ashley's face on every surface, their determination a testament to their unwavering friendship. As they moved from building to building, Will's mind churned with the unanswered questions that gnawed at him like a relentless predator. But amidst the fear and desperation, a spark of hope remained alive, fueled by Madeleine's unwavering belief and their shared love for their missing friend. They would find Ashley. They had to.}
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain {Will and Madeleine sank onto a weathered bench outside the library, their postering marathon taking its toll. The late afternoon sun cast long shadows, painting the campus in a warm, melancholic glow. A cool breeze rustled through the nearby trees, carrying the faint scent of freshly cut grass and offering a momentary respite from the emotional turmoil churning within them. Each clutched a condensation-slicked beverage, the chilled liquid a small comfort against the burning worry in their hearts.}
\par\plain {Will stared down at his drink, his brow furrowed in a mixture of self-reproach and despair. "I should have known, Madeleine," he muttered, his voice heavy with regret. "My own bandmates... part of the Black Hand. How could I have been so blind?"}
\par\plain {Madeleine reached out, placing a gentle hand on his shoulder. "It's not your fault, Will," she said softly. "They were good at hiding their true nature. No one could have expected this."}
\par\plain {Will shook his head, unconvinced. "But I should have seen it. We were a band for a year, for crying out loud! There were signs, little things that just didn't sit right. I ignored them. And now Ashley..." He choked back a sob, the word "gone" hanging heavy in the air.}
\par\plain {Squeezing his shoulder gently, Madeleine offered words of comfort. "Will, listen to me," she said firmly. "You can't blame yourself for this. You're not a mind reader. No one expects you to see through people's lies, especially when they're so deeply woven."}
\par\plain {A heavy silence descended upon them, broken only by the distant sounds of students hurrying to their evening classes. Finally, after a long moment, Madeleine spoke again, her voice softer now, laced with a hint of curiosity.}
\par\plain {"You cared about her a lot, didn't you, Will?" she asked, a knowing smile playing on her lips.}
\par\plain {Will met her gaze, a flicker of surprise crossing his features. He hesitated for a moment, then a small, genuine smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. "Yeah," he admitted sheepishly. "More than I ever admitted, even to myself."}
\par\plain {His smile broadened, tinged with a bittersweet fondness. "She could be a real pain in the neck in class, I'll give her that," he chuckled, a single tear tracing a path down his cheek. "But you know what? She was special. Like a\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 a firecracker, always bursting with energy and life. And yeah," he continued, his voice firm now, a newfound determination replacing the self-pity, "she's my best friend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Madeleine returned his smile, her own eyes shining with fierce determination. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then we will find her.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\plain {As Will and Madeleine sat onto a bench outside the library, the weight of their shared sorrow momentarily lifted by the simple act of companionship}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Eddie!\u8221\'94 A voice shouted from the distant lawn, \u8220\'93Will!\u8221\'94 another follows, the voice is distant.\line \line Eddie and Will was taken from their reverie to find the source of the voice, it was then they see the silhouette of a billowing black cloak and a brunette hair with blond tips, from the distance, her silhouette is so small as she ran. S}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 he looked so small from across the lawn,}
\par\plain {As she closes the distance Ashley's footsteps echo against the pavement as she gets closer between them.}
\par\plain {Reaching them, Ashley stopped, her chest heaving with exertion. Her clothes were rumpled, her black jacket hanging askew on her shoulder, a testament to his frantic dash across campus. "Ed, Will," she gasped, his voice thick with breathless anticipation. "Meeting at the library tonight."\line \line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Victoria\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Ashley gasped, \u8220\'93She had found a lead into Madeleine\u8217\'92s kidnapping.\u8221\'94 }}