{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The familiar scent of aged wood, dust, and faint, lingering magic filled Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s senses. He was back. Dorm 7 was still mostly asleep, a hollow echo of the chaotic energy it would have in a few weeks. So far, the building housed only three souls: Henry, a diligent upperclassman who\u8217\'92d come back early to get the dorms in order; Will, who claimed his London home was "aggressively boring"; and now, him.}
\par\plain {Eddie dropped his heavy bag by the door of the room he shared with Will. The air inside was cool and still. Will was already there, lounging on his bed and scrolling through his phone, looking as if he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d never left.}
\par\plain {"...so yeah," Eddie finished, pacing nervously back and forth on the worn wooden floorboards. "The castle is a few hours out of the city. I'm supposed to go tomorrow."}
\par\plain {Will slowly lowered his phone, his brow furrowed in disbelief. He stared at Eddie for a long, silent moment.}
\par\plain {"Hang on a minute," he said, his London accent sharp in the quiet room. "Let me get this straight. You saved Madeleine Daedallia\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 who, it turns out, is secretly a }{\f0\fs24\i1 Lady}{\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and now you've been personally summoned by her father, who is a }{\f0\fs24\i1 Count}{. And you," he paused for emphasis, "have come to }{\f0\fs24\i1 me}{ for advice? Why?"}
\par\plain {"Well, I mean..." Eddie stammered, stopping his pacing to gesture vaguely at his friend. "You're... British. I thought you'd know about these kinds of stuff. Kings and Queens and all that."}
\par\plain {Will slapped a hand over his entire face, his palm making a dull thud against his forehead. "Look, mate," he sighed, the sound muffled by his hand. He dragged it down his face, looking utterly exasperated. "The UK's etiquette for royalty and Edenfield's etiquette for royalty might be a tad different. Not everything is the same! We don't have Counts who practice arcane horticulture, do we?"}
\par\plain {"Well, then how do I call the dude?!" Eddie said, his voice rising with frustration. "I can't just walk in there and say 'Hey, Rich!' Do I call him 'Count'? 'Mr. Daedallia'? That feels just one tongue-twist away from getting my head chopped off!"}
\par\plain {"Okay, okay, calm down," Will said, straightening up from his lounging position and sitting on the edge of his bed. "Right. Basic rules should apply. When you speak to him, just call him 'My Lord,' or 'M'lord' if you want to sound less like you're in a bad medieval movie. Got it?"}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded, mimicking the words under his breath. "'My Lord.'"}
\par\plain {"And," Will continued, holding up a finger, "when you're talking }{\f0\fs24\i1 about}{ him to someone else, like a servant or whatever, don't just say 'him.' You say, 'His Lordship.' As in, 'His Lordship requires more tiny sandwiches,' or 'His Lordship's griffin looks particularly majestic today.'"}
\par\plain {"That... sounds complicated."}
\par\plain {Will let out a long, suffering groan. "Look," he said, pushing himself to his feet. "This is clearly above my pay grade. Let's just go see Henry, okay? He's been here longer than us, and his family is old-school Edenfield. He might actually know things about this."}
\par\plain {They found Henry in the dorm's main common room, exactly where Will predicted he'd be: working. He was perched precariously at the top of a tall, rickety-looking ladder, his lanky frame folded as he tinkered with a leaking pipe near the high ceiling. Tools were tucked into the pockets of his coveralls, and a low hum of concentration surrounded him. The floor beneath him was protected by an old tarp splattered with water stains and what looked suspiciously like grease.}
\par\plain {Will, never one for subtlety, craned his neck and shouted up at him. "Oi, Henry!"}
\par\plain {A wrench clattered against the copper pipe. "What'd you want?" Henry's voice echoed slightly in the large, empty room. He didn't bother to look down, his attention still focused on the stubborn plumbing. "I'm busy."}
\par\plain {"We've got a question for you," Will forged ahead, undeterred. "About Edenfield royalty. What do you know about them?"}
\par\plain {There was a pause, followed by the grating sound of a pipe fitting being twisted shut. "The royalty?" Henry scoffed, his voice laced with a dry, world-weary cynicism. "They're just very rich, land-owning people who spend their time making ridiculous laws that benefit no one. All while keeping ancient laws on the books that, for some reason, are still applicable in the modern age." He grunted with effort. "I went to a function at some Baron's estate once for an engineering showcase. It was a nightmare. There's a thousand different forks and you can't speak unless you're spoken to. A lot of useless tradition to learn." He finally secured the fitting and began wiping his hands on a rag. "Why the question?"}
\par\plain {Will glanced at Eddie, a smirk playing on his lips before he turned back to the ladder. "No reason," he said casually. "It's just that apparently, our Eddie here has been summoned by Count Richard the Third, Lord of Brownhedge and head of the House of Daedallia."}
\par\plain {The rhythmic wiping stopped. The soft hum of concentration ceased. For a full three seconds, the only sound was the slow }{\f0\fs24\i1 drip... drip... drip...}{ from the now-repaired pipe into a bucket on the tarp.}
\par\plain {Slowly, deliberately, Henry turned his head. He looked down from his perch, his gaze bypassing Will completely and landing squarely on Eddie, who suddenly felt like an insect under a microscope. Henry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s previously indifferent expression had been wiped clean, replaced by one of pure, unadulterated shock.}
\par\plain {"You... what?"}
\par\plain {Henry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s long limbs seemed to unfold as he descended the ladder with a practiced ease that belied his earlier shock. He tossed the wrench onto the tarp with a dull thud, his eyes never leaving Eddie. As the Dorm Captain, he had a finely tuned sense for trouble, and his internal alarms were apparently screaming. He crossed his arms over his chest, his expression shifting from surprise to the stern, no-nonsense look he reserved for serious dorm infractions.}
\par\plain {"Be honest with me, Edward," Henry said, his voice low and serious. He rarely used Eddie's full name. "What did you do with Madeleine?"}
\par\plain {"What?" Eddie asked, taken aback. "What do you mean?"}
\par\plain {"Will mentioned you've been sneaking out of the dorm at night to meet her at the Mythical Creature Sanctuary." Henry\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze was sharp, analytical. "This was last term. He said you tried to cover it up."}
\par\plain {"Just once!" Eddie blurted out, then shot a venomous glare at Will. It was one thing to confide in your best mate, it was another for him to gossip with the Dorm Captain. The look of betrayal was palpable.}
\par\plain {Will held up his hands defensively, then let out a sigh, deciding to clear the air before Eddie imploded. "Her father just wants to see him, Henry," he explained. "He just wanted to thank him for saving his daughter last year... He didn't do anything stupid with her." Will paused, a mischievous glint appearing in his eye as he looked from a concerned Henry to an anxious Eddie. He couldn't resist. "As of yet, at least."}
\par\plain {"Hey, come on!" Eddie threw his hands up in exasperation. "Why do you guys never have any faith in me?" He groaned, running a hand through his already messy hair. The weight of his friends' scrutiny and the looming threat of the meeting were starting to overwhelm him. "Look, it's not a big deal. I just have to go there, receive the 'thank yous,' maybe eat a tiny sandwich or two, and then come right back to the dorm. It's simple, right?"}
\par\plain {Henry and Will exchanged a look over Eddie's head. It was a look that communicated a shared, unspoken thought: for Eddie, things were almost never simple.}}