{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 His breath is still rugged as he panted, he took a long deep breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He stood beneath the dim lights of the gas lamps, his breath still heavy from the adrenaline of the brawl.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He looked down at the wand in his hand, a mixture of disbelief and relief flooding through him. The smooth, slender stick of wood had pulled him out of yet another mess\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mess that could\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve ended with him face down in the wooden floorboards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He chuckled to himself, the sound almost incredulous. Alchemy, he thought, had just saved his skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93God damn it,\u8221\'94 he muttered under his breath, \u8220\'93I could never fucking escape using you, huh.\u8221\'94 grinning to himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nice feeling, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A voice called out, cutting through Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reverie. He spun around, his heart giving an unexpected lurch. Standing in the shadows, her figure framed by the lamplight,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine stood in the alleyway. Her lips curled into a teasing smile as she stepped forward, illuminated by the gas lamps, her eyes gleaming with amusement.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, the Alamirian Merchants are right about one thing. Eavesdropping isn\u8217\'92t exactly the most polite thing, Edward.\u8221\'94 she said, her voice light and playful, her tone teasing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie blinked. Of course, he thought. She was always a step ahead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come,\u8221\'94 she said, stepping closer. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get away from this mess.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie glanced back at the ruckus now spilling out of the pub door. The sounds of shouting and scuffling still echoed through the streets.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He let out a long breath and pocketed Torrie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s school-issued wand into his pants pocket.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure,\u8221\'94 he replied with a reluctant sigh. \u8220\'93I could use a walk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 With a graceful turn, Catherine began walking down the street.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie followed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As they walked, the streets seemed quieter now. Save for the distant clink of metal and breaking wood from the pub\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brawl muffled behind them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine, however, seemed to be deep in thought. After a while, she broke the quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you remember that day at the dining table when I first arrived?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Vaguely,\u8221\'94 he replied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said you were working on something."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Yeah."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "You are working for your advanced magical education in the Universities,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she continued.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Yeah, I am," Eddie lied.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And when I asked if you were considering applying for the Sage\u8217\'92s Institute Scholarship, you said yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Yeah, I am." Eddie continued his lie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93But you\u8217\'92re not, are you, Edward?\u8221\'94}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~She continued,\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie stopped his track, the wind continues to howl, there is no point in hiding it anymore}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Yeah," Eddie said, admitting the truth}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why lie?" Catherine stopped, looked back towards Eddie, her voice soft, "I know you have so much ambition for Alchemy, but now you act like it\u8217\'92s something to run from.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie froze, his jaw tightened. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t do this\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not with Catherine, not now. She was pressing on a wound he wasn\u8217\'92t ready to open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But Catherine wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t about to let it go. She had always been the type to ask the hard questions, to dig until she found the truth, unlike him, she is an Alchemist,\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 a real Alchemist}{\f0\fs24\b0 , and like an Alchemist she will dig the truth.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I might not be around by the time you enrolled in Aella Academy,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, her voice gentle but insistent. \u8220\'93But I was around when you\u8217\'92re so passionate about your first transmutation, when you\u8217\'92re going to ruins and dungeons retracing the steps of famous Alchemists, when you said you wanted to go to Edenfield University to become an Alchemist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You used to be so passionate about Alchemy. \~What happened?\u8221\'94 Her eyes searched his face, hoping to understand the change she couldn\u8217\'92t quite place.\~}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t tell her. He couldn\u8217\'92t tell anyone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fifteen years, Eddie.\u8221\'94 Catherine\u8217\'92s voice broke through his spiralling thoughts, \u8220\'93Fifteen years is nothing for someone like me. But for you... for you, I know it must have felt like a lifetime. Something happened to you during those years I was gone, something that changes you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He kept his gaze forward, avoiding Catherine's eyes; the words swirling in his mind but not forming on his tongue. How could he explain the loss, the guilt, the fear? How could he explain the day he had ruined his life\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and someone else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 forever?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He still couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t tell her. He still couldn\u8217\'92t tell anyone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Finally, she sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I\u8217\'92m not going to pretend I understand what happened to you, because I certainly don\u8217\'92t. But I do know that you\u8217\'92ve changed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 =--}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And not in a good way.\u8221\'94 Catherine continued, \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not the person I knew, you\u8217\'92re not the person Torrie knew. You\u8217\'92ve built up walls around yourself, and from what I\u8217\'92ve seen, it\u8217\'92s tearing you apart-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just drop it.\u8221\'94 Eddie interrupted, still trying to keep a polite smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I beg your pardon?\u8221\'94 Catherine responded}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just drop it.\u8221\'94 Eddie said with more resolution, his voice now laden with more frustation, \u8220\'93People has been prying on that fact, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Eddie why are you not doing alchemy anymore? Eddie why aren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t you doing your transmutation anymore? Eddie where is your passion in Alchemy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stood there, his smile fading, he is not trying to be polite anymore, he is not lying anymore, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sick of it. I\u8217\'92m not interested in Alchemy anymore, okay? I\u8217\'92m sick of people bringing it up, I\u8217\'92m sick of Alchemy. So please, Catherine. Just fucking drop it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine stood there clearly taken aback, Eddie expected for her to get offended, then throwing him a three hour lecture about the importance of Alchemy, but then, she just smiled, a teasing smile as if she just found something amusing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see,\u8221\'94 Catherine finally said, sighing, crossing her arms, \u8220\'93Fine by me, then. I\u8217\'92ll drop the topic.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A sense of ease fills Eddie, finally, some peace and quiet, no more prying, no more question-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I will only drop the topic only if you can drop your act.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stood there, his heart lurching.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t you see yourself, Edward?\u8221\'94 Catherine said, now turning towards the pier, her arms resting on its wooden railing, \u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re truly disinterested in Alchemy\u8230\'85 sick of it, even.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She then turned her head, facing Eddie, her short hair blown by the cold, sea breeze, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why keep working on it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see the formula you perfected up in Robert\u8217\'92s tower, Edward.\u8221\'94 Catherine continued, \u8220\'93The homeworks you\u8217\'92ve helped Torrie with, and how it increased her grade significantly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And don\u8217\'92t even get me started with your room.\u8221\'94 Catherine continued, now turning her body, still leaning to the wooden railing, \u8220\'93The transmutation circles you\u8217\'92ve designed in your spare time, the copies of Alchemical tomes scattered on your desk, how you tried to continue your research from Aella Academy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine opened her arms, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do all of that, if you\u8217\'92re sick of it?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine now puts her hands back on her coat\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pocket, \u8220\'93I would\u8217\'92ve let you slide if you truly, truly hate it, Edward, sure. But the fact is that you doesn\u8217\'92t. You still have that passion roaring deep within you that you tried to suppress, you\u8217\'92re playing an act of hating Alchemy whilst the fact that you still love it. That, I can\u8217\'92t stand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what do you want me to do?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked, chuckling sarcastically, his voice low, his eyes finally meeting hers. \u8220\'93Do you want me just to get back to it? Pick it up again like nothing happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine stood there for a moment, leaning against the pier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wished you were, but i know it\u8217\'92s not that simple, is it?\u8221\'94 Her gaze steady, and then she gave him a small, determined smile. \u8220\'93So I\u8217\'92m offering you something different.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine stood there, the wind blows her short apple-red hair, her red coat flutters in the cold evening breeze like a flag of declaration, the silhouette of her sharp elven ear made the whole scene felt like a fairy tale. She then looked at Eddie's eyes, taking her hand out of her pocket, and raising it, and points it straight at his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m offering you an adventure,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs20\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}{\f2\fs20\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie blinked, chuckled slightly in confusion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you even talking about?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "I'm offering you an Adventure for you to be a part of." Catherine said, her voice steady and firm. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s an Artefact hidden deep within the illusory forest of The Deep Glaive. I could use a fellow Alchemist like you." She smiled, "It'll be like the old days, isn't it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A fellow, is a hard stretch don\u8217\'92t you think, Catherine?\u8221\'94 Eddie chuckled, his face sombre, \u8220\'93It can't be like the old days, you know? I\u8217\'92m not that kid anymore, Catherine,\u8221\'94 he said quietly. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t be that kid.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course you're not, you'll never be. You don\u8217\'92t have to be that kid.\u8221\'94 Catherine\u8217\'92s light blue eyes stared at his with piercing gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You just need to be you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie looked into her eyes, seeing the earnestness in her gaze. An invitation, a chance to leave behind his regrets and step back into something larger than himself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have an answer right away. But in the silence that followed, he knew that Catherine wasn\u8217\'92t going to let him walk away from this, not that easily. Not when she knew something about him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know,\u8221\'94 Eddie said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s okay,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, now continuing her pace, Eddie followed, the cadence of their footsteps echoes through the hard cobblestone road, \u8220\'93But you don\u8217\'92t have to lie anymore, it\u8217\'92s futile. You can lie all you want to Torrie, to Markus, Alyssa, Robert. But one thing for certain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t lie to a fellow Alchemist.\u8221\'94}}