{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {By the time they reached the heart of Dover, the quiet of the cliffs had given way to the morning bustle. Cars honked as they squeezed past each other on narrow streets, students in varying shades of uniform filled the pavements, and the scent of bakery bread wafted from a shop nearby. The town, true to form, was alive with motion.}
\par\plain {Preston Secondary stood nestled between a row of old stone terraces and a small park, its wrought-iron gates painted deep blue, the school crest gleaming in gold above them. The building loomed tall\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 its Victorian bricks weathered by decades of sea air and teenage drama. Even now, Eddie could spot a cluster of students huddled near the entrance, laughing loudly, dodging around teachers with clipboards.}
\par\plain {He slowed the bike to a stop just outside the gate.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 he said, turning slightly in the saddle. \u8220\'93Here we are. First day of the rest of your life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie swung off the bike, adjusting her satchel and brushing imaginary dust off her sweater. She looked smaller all of a sudden\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 still stubborn, still trying not to show nerves, but Eddie recognized that look in her eyes. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d worn it once too.}
\par\plain {He glanced up at the school, expression softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93I used to hate this place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mm-hmm.\u8221\'94 He looked at the gates as if they might remember him. \u8220\'93It was rough sometimes. I didn\u8217\'92t really fit in. But,\u8221\'94 he paused, \u8220\'93I still learned a lot here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say anything, just looked at him.}
\par\plain {He smiled, a little wistful. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It wasn\u8217\'92t all bad of course, there are some fond memories.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She looked down at her shoes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not gonna have a rough time like you, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile widened as he knelt a little to meet her eye level. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re gonna do great. You\u8217\'92re way braver than I ever was. And smarter.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Flattery,\u8221\'94 she mumbled, grinning.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m being honest here.\u8221\'94 He tapped her satchel. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got this. And if it ever gets too weird, too loud, or too hard\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 you tell someone. Don\u8217\'92t go it alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Torrie nodded, then, unexpectedly, flung her arms around him. Eddie blinked, caught off guard, but returned the hug with a tight squeeze.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bestest of luck, little genius,\u8221\'94 he murmured.}
\par\plain {Then, with one last glance, Torrie turned and walked through the school gates, disappearing into the tide of students.}
\par\plain {Eddie stayed a moment longer, watching, the sun climbing higher over the rooftops. Preston hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t changed much\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but he had. He turned his bike slowly, the wind brushing against his face, and pedaled back into the streets of Dover, not quite smiling, but not sad either.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {By the time Eddie reached the city centre, Dover was fully awake. The streets buzzed with lunchtime chatter, caf\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u233\'E9s spilling over with office workers on break, and the sound of delivery vans rumbling over cobbled lanes. Sunlight bounced off shop windows and double-decker buses, the town\u8217\'92s usual midday energy pulsing all around him.}
\par\plain {Eddie weaved through the foot traffic and made his way to the Dover Public Library\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a modest sandstone building tucked between a pharmacy and a charity shop. It stood with quiet dignity, the carved letters over the door slightly faded, as if the building itself had seen generations come and go without needing to announce itself loudly.}
\par\plain {He hopped off his bike and wheeled it toward the rack near the front entrance. As he secured the lock, he looked up at the old windows, familiar now, almost comforting. This place had become a second home.}
\par\plain {The bell above the door gave a soft chime as he stepped inside. Cool air greeted him, along with the scent of aging paper and furniture polish. Rows of tall shelves stretched across the space, silent but inviting. Near the front desk, the librarian glanced up from her stamp pad and lit up immediately.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well if it isn\u8217\'92t Mr. Welton, right on schedule,\u8221\'94 she said with a warm smile. \u8220\'93Thought we\u8217\'92d lost you to the school run.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Had to make sure my sister didn\u8217\'92t combust on her first day,\u8221\'94 Eddie replied, returning the smile.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92ll do fine. You always did,\u8221\'94 she said knowingly, then tapped the side of her temple. \u8220\'93Sharp up here, just like you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He offered a polite nod, not quite agreeing, and made his way to his usual corner\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tucked between the local history section and the windows that overlooked the back garden. The outlet still worked. The chair still squeaked. The familiar hum of printers and soft murmuring voices filled the space like white noise.}
\par\plain {Eddie unpacked his laptop, coiled the charger neatly, and plugged in. It booted slowly, fan wheezing in protest, but it got there. As the screen blinked to life, he opened the folder labelled }{\f0\fs24\b1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Scholarships + Hope\u8221\'94}{, fingers already moving by muscle memory.}
\par\plain {He had until summer.}
\par\plain {That thought came back every morning like a ticking clock. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d graduated sixth form, scraped good enough grades, and kept his head down. But none of that changed the fact that his family couldn't afford university\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not really. Not without help.}
\par\plain {He understood where his dad was coming from. An apprenticeship meant stability. Income. A path already walked. But Eddie knew himself\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how his thoughts ran too fast or got stuck in loops. How he sometimes saw things, felt things, that made working with his hands in a workshop feel like a recipe for disaster.}
\par\plain {He needed structure, yes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but of a different kind. Chemistry labs, lecture halls, libraries. He needed to chase something that made sense in his head, even when nothing else did.}
\par\plain {He refreshed his inbox, barely hoping for anything different.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Ping.}
\par\plain {The latest subject line made his stomach sink:\line }{\f0\fs24\b1 "We regret to inform you..."}
\par\plain {Again.}
\par\plain {Eddie clicked through the emails in order, like ripping off plasters. One after another, the words blurred together:\line }{\f0\fs24\i1 "Unfortunately..."}{\line }{\f0\fs24\i1 "We had many strong candidates..."}{\line }{\f0\fs24\i1 "We appreciate your interest..."}
\par\plain {Even the rejections sounded tired now. Polite, cold, impersonal. He scrolled further\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 some universities hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even bothered to respond at all. Silence felt worse than the \u8216\'91no.\u8217\'92}
\par\plain {He sighed and pulled his backpack closer, fishing out a small spiral notebook, its cover soft and creased from overuse. He flipped it open to a page near the back\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lined in messy ink and highlighter, the top scrawled:\line }{\f0\fs24\b1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Universities + Scholarships\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {There were columns. First the UK: Bristol, Leeds, Warwick, King\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, Durham. All crossed out with a single, heavy line. Then others: TU Delft, ETH Zurich, Humboldt. And across the Atlantic\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 MIT, Berkeley, NYU\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 names that had once seemed like distant stars. All crossed out. Hope struck through in black ink.}
\par\plain {Only a handful of names remained. Eddie stared at the last few, the final ones he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d clung to. He slowly, deliberately, drew a line through four of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Swish, swish, swish, swish.}
\par\plain {Gone.}
\par\plain {A quiet pressure built behind his eyes, but he blinked it away. What was the point of crying in a library?}
\par\plain {He sat back, the notebook still open in front of him, and ran a hand through his hair. The list was nearly bare now. All that work. All that effort. And it still hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t been enough.}
\par\plain {He tapped his pen absently against the side of the notebook, staring at the crossed-out names.}
\par\plain {For a moment, the silence of the library pressed in around him. Heavy. Final.}
\par\plain {Eddie slumped back in his chair, his gaze fixed on the peeling white ceiling above him. His thoughts were foggy, weighed down by the long hours of endless rejection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Is this it?}
\par\plain {He let the question hang in the air, unspoken, as though saying it out loud would make it real. Would he really be stuck here, working at the same greasy workshop as his father, crafting ship parts day in and day out? Was that all he was meant for? Just another cog in a machine that never stopped turning?}
\par\plain {The weight of it settled in his chest. But then, after a moment of just staring blankly ahead, something nagged at him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a quiet voice in his mind telling him to at least look at his list one more time.}
\par\plain {With a groan, Eddie turned his attention back to the notebook, scanning through the remaining options. His eyes flicked across the names of universities that had once seemed like tangible goals, but none were left unchecked. There was nothing but disappointment staring back at him.}
\par\plain {But then, tucked between the pages, something caught his eye.}
\par\plain {A name. One that had eluded his attention up until now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Edenfield University.}
\par\plain {He froze, staring at it. He couldn't remember when he'd written it down. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like the others, all carefully researched. This one felt\u8230\'85 out of place, like a forgotten dream. But more than that\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was odd because he was certain Edenfield didn\u8217\'92t even exist. Wasn\u8217\'92t it just some fairy tale?}
\par\plain {His fingers hovered over the pen, ready to mark it off with the same decisive stroke as all the others. }{\f0\fs24\i1 No}{\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he was done. There was no point in dreaming anymore.}
\par\plain {But then... something tugged at him. A quiet voice, almost pleading.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Come on, Eddie. Is this really how you want to end it?}
\par\plain {His breath hitched for a moment, a strange flutter of desperation in his chest. The last remaining thread of hope was right there. A name he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even remember writing down. A university that didn\u8217\'92t exist... or so he thought.}
\par\plain {With a long exhale, he muttered to himself, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, what the hell. Fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {It didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t make sense. The place didn\u8217\'92t even show up in any real search results, did it? But right now, what was the harm?}
\par\plain {His fingers moved against his will, bringing the cursor to the search bar. A sigh escaped him as he typed it out: }{\f0\fs24\i1 Edenfield University}{.}
\par\plain {The words appeared on the screen. The blinking cursor seemed to mock him for a moment, and Eddie waited for the inevitable: a result that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t exist, or maybe a glitch in the search engine. But he pressed "Enter" anyway.}
\par\plain {The page began to load. Eddie sat back, bracing himself for disappointment\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but somehow, the screen didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fill with error messages.}
\par\plain {Instead, there it was. A website.}
\par\plain {His breath caught in his throat as the page finally popped up.}
\par\plain {He could\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve sworn he }{\f0\fs24\i1 had}{ searched for this place before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 last month, in fact, when his mum mentioned it offhand after hearing the name from someone at the market. He remembered typing }{\f0\fs24\i1 Edenfield University}{ into the search bar and getting nothing but dead ends and unrelated results. He even brought it up with Mr. Harper, his old chemistry teacher. The man had laughed and said it sounded like a made-up school from a fantasy novel. None of the other teachers knew it either. None of his mates. Hell, even the British Council website had no listing.}
\par\plain {So why was it here now?}
\par\plain {The page that loaded looked ancient\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like it had survived untouched since the early 2000s. The interface was blocky and awkward, all serif fonts and pale blue hyperlinks. The kind of website you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d expect to find archived on the Wayback Machine, not still active.}
\par\plain {At the top of the homepage, in slightly pixelated gold lettering, was an emblem: a laurel wreath encircling a six-pointed star, beneath which read the words:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 Edenfield University for Applied Magical Knowledge}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked.}
\par\plain {Magical?}
\par\plain {He scrolled cautiously, the site revealed student photos\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 except they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t normal photos. They looked like old polaroids captured mid-motion. Students in robes of every color imaginable, some embroidered with alchemical symbols, others more plain. One girl wore what could only be described as a witch hat. Another donned a 17th-century scholar\u8217\'92s beret and cloak. And in the background\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was that\u8230\'85 a centaur?}
\par\plain {Eddie leaned in, squinting. No, seriously, that was a }{\f0\fs24\i1 centaur}{. Just casually walking through a courtyard paved with cobblestone and moss.}
\par\plain {There were elves too. Even a man with goat legs laughing with a group of students beneath an autumn tree.}
\par\plain {Eddie let out a dry scoff, sitting back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell is this?\u8221\'94 he muttered. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Some kind of outdated roleplay forum? Maybe a weird LARPing university fan page from two decades ago?}
\par\plain {But then he scrolled down again.}
\par\plain {One of the posts, strangely enough, had a recent timestamp: }{\f0\fs24\b1 Posted May 2025}{.}
\par\plain {It was clean. Modern, even. The only thing on the page that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look like it belonged to a dead site.}
\par\plain {The post title read:\line }{\f0\fs24\b1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Scholarship Opportunity for Foreign Applicants \endash  2025 Intake\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie froze.}
\par\plain {His cursor hovered over the link. It shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be here. None of this should exist. But the post looked legitimate\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or at least, as legitimate as something on this bizarre website could look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 This is insane,}{ he thought. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Absolutely mental.}
\par\plain {But still, his hand moved.}
\par\plain {He clicked the link.}}