{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The air that hit Aruna as she stumbled from the lab\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hidden exit was thick with the smells of scorched earth and damp limestone. Before her, a landscape of impossible ruin stretched out under a bruised, violet sky. The ground was littered with shattered plazas and crumbling gateways, all centered around a sight that made her new, synthetic eyes widen: the colossal, stone head of a god, toppled from its throne and half-buried in the earth, its serene expression now facing the heavens in silent judgment. She was in a valley of giants, a graveyard of forgotten deities. Fear, a cold and familiar companion from the moment she awoke, tightened its grip. She didn't know this place, this world, or even herself.}
\par\plain {A harsh, metallic voice sliced through her paralysis. "Unit designation unrecognized. Cease all movement. Comply."}
\par\plain {Aruna spun around. A squad of sleek, black androids advanced on her, their forms cutting a stark profile against the rubble. Red optic sensors glowed with cold intent. They were Trooper Units, their chassis immaculate despite the surrounding decay. The lead unit, its shoulder plates marked with chevrons, raised a weapon arm.}
\par\plain {"Wait! You're making a mistake!" Aruna shouted, her voice thin against the oppressive silence. "I don't\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {The commander gave no reply. A curt, binary screech echoed from its speaker, and the squad raised their rifles. For them, her confusion was non-compliance. A volley of crimson energy bolts screamed toward her. Aruna threw up her arms in a useless, human gesture of defense, but before the blasts could hit, a flash of white and gold descended from the sky. A wing, built of the same porcelain-like material as her own skin, deflected the shots with a series of sharp, resonant }{\f0\fs24\i1 pings}{. The savior landed between her and the troopers with impossible silence\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a great mechanical eagle, its golden accents gleaming. In a blur of motion, it lunged, its talons striking the lead trooper\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s optic sensor with surgical precision. The unit convulsed and collapsed.}
\par\plain {The remaining troopers froze, recalibrating. The eagle turned its head a full 180 degrees to face her. "My analysis suggested a 97.4% probability that verbal negotiation would be ineffective," it stated, its voice a calm, synthesized tenor. "I apologize for the delay in my intervention. I was calculating the optimal moment for a dramatic entrance."}
\par\plain {Aruna stared, her mind struggling to process the robot eagle that had just saved her life and was now, apparently, making a dry joke. "What... Who are you?" she stammered, taking a half-step back.}
\par\plain {"I am designated Eagle," it replied, turning back to face the remaining troopers, who were now cautiously backing away. "And that is of secondary importance. The primary objective is your continued function."}
\par\plain {"My function?" The words felt bitter. She looked down at her chrome and porcelain hands. "To be a target? What were those things?"}
\par\plain {"Pacification Units. Part of the Authority's network," Eagle said, as if explaining the weather. "They perceive you as an anomaly. A threat to be neutralized."}
\par\plain {"Why? Why me? I don't even know who I am!" The desperation in her voice was raw.}
\par\plain {For the first time, the machine hesitated. It tilted its head, its optic lenses dilating slightly. "The data is fragmented. But one thing is certain. Your name... is Aruna."}
\par\plain {Before she could grasp the anchor of that single word, a burst of harsh, coded chatter erupted from the fallen trooper's comms unit. Eagle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head snapped towards the sound.}
\par\plain {"They have requested heavy reinforcements," it announced, its calm tone finally tinged with urgency. "Our window for a civil discussion has just closed. We need to leave. Now."}}