{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The warm scent of crushed herbs and dried roots filled the apothecary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton stood over the stovetop in her small corner kitchen, carefully stirring a simmering pot of golden liquid. The steam curled upward, laced with chamomile, turmeric, and a whisper of dried lavender. Her mortar and pestle sat nearby, still dusted with powdered ginger and licorice root.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a quiet morning, just the way she liked it. Sunlight filtered through the gauzy curtains above the sink, painting soft rectangles on the tiled floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She ladled the finished batch into small brown glass bottles, wiping each one clean before lining them up neatly on the wooden shelf beside the spice rack. The labels were handwritten\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cough & Cold Blend,\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Nerve Soother,\u8221\'94 \u8220\'93Sleep Tonic\u8221\'94\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and she hummed softly as she arranged them. A part of her took pride in this quiet routine. Always had.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most of her real work was in prescriptions, of course\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 modern potions and compounds dispensed from Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Apothecary. But in the quiet hours, she still practiced the old ways, brewing traditional remedies for the neighbors who asked for them. Remedies that weren\u8217\'92t always scientific, but comforting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once everything was cooled and sealed, she wiped her hands on her apron and stepped out into the dining area. The paper was folded on the table, waiting for her. She sank into the chair with a small sigh and reached for her tea, still steaming.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The news today was as dull as ever. Council debates. Rising fish prices. An article on some promising student from Canterbury who got into Cambridge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bell over the shop door chimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton looked up, setting the paper aside. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come in, love,\u8221\'94 she called warmly. \u8220\'93I just brewed a fresh batch if you\u8217\'92re here for the usual.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A regular\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a young mother from down the road\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stepped in with a sheepish smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a lifesaver, Mrs. Welton. Jamie\u8217\'92s caught that awful cough again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton stood, already reaching for a bottle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say no more, dear. Let\u8217\'92s get him sorted.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And just like that, the rhythm of her day continued\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 quiet, steady, filled with warmth and herbs and small kindnesses.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bell over the shop door chimed again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton glanced up from her paper, expecting another neighbor in search of remedies. It had been that kind of day\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 quiet, steady, interrupted only by the occasional customer with a sniffle or sleeplessness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bell rang again not long after, and again she rose, her movements practiced and unhurried. Another remedy here, a friendly chat there. Nothing out of the ordinary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then, at last, the bell rang a fourth time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked up\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this time, pausing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was Eddie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped inside with an odd look about him. Tense shoulders. Fidgeting fingers. His satchel hung awkwardly from one arm. Something was off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton stood. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie? What\u8217\'92s wrong, love? And why didn\u8217\'92t you come through the back door?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I... I need to talk to you about something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a pause. She noted the way he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t meeting her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All right,\u8221\'94 she said gently, stepping closer. \u8220\'93What happened?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie glanced around the shop, then lowered his voice. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you remember Edenfield University?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton blinked. Her brow creased. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I signed up for their scholarship intake,\u8221\'94 he said, half-defensive, half-uncertain. \u8220\'93Since you were an alum, I was hoping you could tell me something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 anything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 about it. There\u8217\'92s no record online. Nothing in the public library. It\u8217\'92s like it doesn\u8217\'92t exist.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a second, Mrs. Welton didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then her eyes widened\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just slightly. Her expression changed, not to surprise exactly, but recognition. And something else beneath it. A quiet seriousness Eddie had never seen in her before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She walked briskly toward the shopfront.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie watched as she flipped the wooden sign hanging in the front window from }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Open}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Closed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned the bolt on the door, then looked back at him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All right,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Sit down. We\u8217\'92re going to talk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The clink of ceramic cups was the only sound in the room for a while.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They sat at the small dining table tucked behind the storefront, the lights dimmed low as the late morning sun filtered through the drawn curtains. Mrs. Welton poured two cups\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s usual lavender blend, pale and fragrant; her own chamomile, warm and golden.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie sat quietly, hands wrapped around his mug, watching the steam curl toward the ceiling. He could hear the faint ticking of the old clock on the wall.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The clink of ceramic cups was the only sound in the room for a while.\line They sat at the small dining table tucked behind the storefront, the lights dimmed low as the late morning sun filtered through the drawn curtains. Mrs. Welton poured two cups\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s usual lavender blend, pale and fragrant; her own chamomile, warm and golden.}
\par\plain {Eddie sat quietly, hands wrapped around his mug, watching the steam curl toward the ceiling. He could hear the faint ticking of the old clock on the wall.}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton took a long breath, her fingers tracing the rim of her cup. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So... you wanted to know about Edenfield?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie nodded.}
\par\plain {She glanced at him, one brow arched. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How come you know about it? You were so sure it was a hoax this morning. What changed your mind?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie hesitated. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw their website at the library earlier... and it looked real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Website?\u8221\'94 Her voice was quiet but sharp with curiosity.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It looked old, like something from the early 2000s,\u8221\'94 Eddie said. \u8220\'93But it had everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pictures, details, even recent posts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Her brow furrowed slightly, the lines on her forehead deepening.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They had accreditation,\u8221\'94 Eddie added. \u8220\'93Real ones. I checked. From international agencies\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 even some obscure ones that cross-reference with university lists.\u8221\'94 His voice gained pace, half trying to convince himself. \u8220\'93But the majors\u8230\'85 they\u8217\'92re nothing I\u8217\'92ve ever seen before. No engineering, no medicine. Just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Conjuration, Illusions, Bardry, Alchemy, Automatons\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He trailed off. Even saying them aloud felt strange.}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton was quiet. She took it all in, her fingers now wrapped firmly around her teacup. Her expression was unreadable\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no longer casual, but something more distant.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve set me up for a test and interview in London,\u8221\'94 Eddie said. \u8220\'93The test is next month.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Her eyes sharpened. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what did you pick?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your major,\u8221\'94 she said, voice a little lower now. \u8220\'93What did you apply for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve always wanted to study chemistry,\u8221\'94 Eddie said. \u8220\'93So I picked the one that sounded similar.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t move. She just watched him, waiting.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I picked Alchemy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {For a long moment, neither of them spoke. The clock ticked. Somewhere behind the wall, a kettle hissed faintly from cooling.}
\par\plain {A stillness settled. Then, barely above a whisper, she murmured:}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By the gods\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Her hand trembled slightly as she placed her teacup back onto the saucer. \u8220\'93So what she predicted is true\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow furrowed. The sound of her voice\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 soft, reverent, almost frightened\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 set off a quiet alarm in him. He watched his mother with growing unease.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mum?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond. Her eyes were still lost in some invisible distance, lips parted as if she were speaking to someone only she could hear.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mum, you're scaring me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Her gaze slowly returned to him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 wide, sharp now, filled with something he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t name.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say\u8230\'85 Edward,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice low and calm, too calm. \u8220\'93How old are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Eddie gave a short, uneasy laugh. \u8220\'93Mum, don\u8217\'92t be silly\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 we just celebrated it together, remember? At Maxim\u8217\'92s. I\u8217\'92m eighteen this month.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {But Mrs. Welton didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t laugh. Her eyes didn\u8217\'92t soften.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edward\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she said, and now her voice changed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no longer puzzled or vague, but resolute, serious. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got a long story to tell you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She stood, moving toward the curtain that separated the storefront from the back. She paused before pulling it closed, glancing once more toward the windows as though checking for eyes. Then she drew it shut with a whisper-soft rustle.}
\par\plain {The room dimmed. The ticking clock seemed louder now.}
\par\plain {Mrs. Welton turned to him fully, no longer just his mother in a kitchen, but someone else entirely. Someone older than he had ever realized.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something you were never meant to know\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 until now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain 
\par\plain }