{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The moment the heavy door clicked shut behind them, the chaotic din of the menagerie vanished, replaced by a low, sterile hum.}
\par\plain {They were standing in a nightmare of white tile and stainless steel.}
\par\plain {The room was large, cold, and unnervingly clean, the antithesis of the grimy corridor they had just escaped. The air smelled sharply of antiseptic and ozone. Harsh fluorescent lights on the ceiling banished all shadows, reflecting off the pristine, white-tiled walls and floor. Along one wall were cages, but these were different\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 sleek, dark, and reinforced, their occupants hidden in deep shadow. On steel counters, surgical implements and strange alchemical glassware were arranged with chilling precision.}
\par\plain {And in the very center of the room, under the brightest of the lights, was a metal operating table. A figure was strapped to it, covered only by a thin, white sheet.}
\par\plain {Ashley gasped, her hand flying to her mouth. Will's face went pale, his gaze locked on the table. A wave of cold dread washed over Eddie, colder than the sterile air in the room. This was it. The heart of the operation.}
\par\plain {Leaving Will and Ashley to watch the door, Eddie moved forward alone, his footsteps echoing softly in the unnerving quiet. Each step felt heavy, his heart hammering against his ribs. He was terrified of what he would find. A stranger? A monster in mid-transformation?}
\par\plain {He reached the table. His hand trembled as he gripped the corner of the sheet. He took a steadying breath and pulled it back.}
\par\plain {It was Madeleine.}
\par\plain {Her face was pale, almost translucent under the harsh light, and her hair was fanned out across the metal headrest. Dark leather straps bound her wrists, ankles, and chest to the table. An IV tube ran from a humming machine to a needle in her arm, dripping a liquid that pulsed with a faint, sickly yellow light. She was unconscious, but she was alive.}
\par\plain {A choked sound, half-sob, half-gasp, escaped Eddie's lips. "Maddie..."}
\par\plain {He reached out, his fingers brushing her cheek. It was cool to the touch. "Madeleine, wake up," he whispered, his voice urgent but gentle. He gave her shoulder a soft shake. "Come on, wake up. It's me. It's Eddie."}
\par\plain {Her eyelids fluttered. A low moan escaped her lips, and her head lolled to the side. After a moment, her eyes slowly opened, but they were glassy, unfocused.}
\par\plain {"E-Eddie...?" Her voice was a faint, slurred whisper, thick with sedation. "Hurts... so tired..."}
\par\plain {"I know. We're getting you out of here," he promised, his voice thick with emotion. He immediately turned his attention to the strap on her wrist. "Will! Ash! Get over here!"}
\par\plain {They rushed to his side. The relief on their faces was immediately replaced by grim determination.}
\par\plain {"The buckles are complex," Will noted, his nimble fingers already probing one of the restraints on her ankle.}
\par\plain {"They're warded," Ashley added, her eyes narrowed as she saw the faint magical symbols etched into the leather. She held the crystal of her staff over the strap on Madeleine's other arm. "Stand back."}
\par\plain {As Ashley chanted a soft counter-spell, the symbols flickered and died, and Will managed to undo the physical clasp. While they worked on the other restraints, Eddie carefully slid the IV needle from Madeleine's arm, pressing his thumb against the spot.}
\par\plain {The last strap fell away. With a collective sigh of relief, Eddie and Will immediately moved to help Madeleine, sliding their arms under hers and lifting her gently from the cold metal table.}
\par\plain {Her legs buckled the moment they touched the floor. She was a dead weight, leaning heavily on them, her head lolling as she tried to fight through the fog of the sedative.}
\par\plain {"Easy, Mads, we've got you," Eddie murmured, his voice thick with relief. He and Will supported her, their faces grim with determination. Ashley, meanwhile, crept to the steel door, pressing her ear against it, listening.}
\par\plain {"It's quiet for now," she whispered back to them. "Let's move before that changes."}
\par\plain {"Come on, let's get out of here," Eddie said, beginning to guide Madeleine's unsteady steps toward the door they'd just breached.}
\par\plain {They took one step. Two. Then Madeleine's feet dragged to a halt. Weak as she was, she planted her heels, resisting their movement with surprising force.}
\par\plain {"No," she rasped, her voice thin but resolute. "Wait."}
\par\plain {Eddie looked at her, his expression a mixture of confusion and impatience. "Maddie, what are you doing? We have to go. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Now}{."}
\par\plain {"There are others," she said, shaking her head slowly, trying to clear it. She lifted a trembling hand and pointed towards another, smaller door at the far end of the sterile, white-tiled laboratory. "In there. I heard them screaming earlier."}
\par\plain {The relief on Eddie's face curdled into disbelief. "What? We can't," he argued, his voice a harsh, desperate whisper. "We came for }{\f0\fs24\i1 you}{. We barely made it in here. We have to get you out, that's the mission."}
\par\plain {Madeleine pulled against his grip, her eyes, though still hazy, flashing with a familiar, stubborn fire. The caretaker of the Sanctuary, the protector of the vulnerable, was surfacing through the drugs.}
\par\plain {"And leave them here?" she fought back, her voice gaining a sliver of strength from her conviction. "To be cut up and turned into... into those }{\f0\fs24\i1 things}{ out in the hall?" She looked him dead in the eye. "I'm not going anywhere. Not while they're still in here."}
\par\plain {"Madeleine, be reasonable!" Eddie pleaded, his desperation mounting. "You can barely stand! We can come back with help!"}
\par\plain {"There is no help!" she countered, her voice cracking. "The police won't listen, you know that! We are the only chance they have." She drew a shuddering breath, her entire body trembling with the effort. "I will not leave them to die. You can go if you want, but I'm not leaving this room unless it's with them."}
\par\plain {Eddie stared at Madeleine, his mind racing, caught between the tactical imperative to escape and the undeniable truth in her eyes. He looked at Will and Ashley, and saw the same conflict reflected back at him. They had their friend back, but leaving others to that same fate\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or worse\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 felt like a hollow victory. He let out a long, shuddering breath, the frustration draining out of him, replaced by a heavy, grim resolve.}
\par\plain {"Damn it," he whispered. "You're right. Of course, you're right."}
\par\plain {Madeleine gave him a weak but grateful nod. The silent argument was over. They were all in this together.}
\par\plain {With Will supporting Madeleine, Eddie took the lead, crossing the sterile white room to the smaller door at the far end. It was a simple, windowless steel door, far less intimidating than the last one. He listened for a moment, hearing nothing but a faint, rhythmic dripping. Cautiously, he tried the handle. It was unlocked.}
\par\plain {He pushed the door open a crack and peered inside. The breath caught in his throat.}
\par\plain {The room beyond was not another lab. It was a dim, foul-smelling holding pen. And it was filled with cages. Cages stacked three high, lining every wall. But these cages didn't hold monstrous creatures; they held people. Men and women of all ages, dressed in simple grey tunics, their faces gaunt and listless. Some stared blankly at the walls, others were curled up asleep, their bodies thin and frail. Eddie did a quick, horrifying count. There had to be at least twenty of them.}
\par\plain {He pulled back from the door, his face ashen. "My God," he choked out. "She was right. There are so many."}
\par\plain {The scale of the operation, the sheer, depraved evil of it, hit them all like a physical blow. This was bigger than they could have imagined.}
\par\plain {"We can't get them all out at once," Will said, his voice low and practical, immediately shifting into problem-solving mode. "We'd be spotted in a second."}
\par\plain {"We need cover," Ashley said, her mind already racing through her repertoire of spells. "Something to hide the movement, the noise." She planted the butt of her staff on the tiled floor. "I can do it. A Mirror Veil. It's a high-level illusion. It will bend the light and sound around the doorway. To anyone looking down the hall from the main lab, this area will look empty and silent. But it's draining. I'll need to hold my focus the entire time."}
\par\plain {"Good. That's our shield," Eddie said, latching onto the plan. "Will, you stay by the main entrance. You're our early warning. One knock if someone's coming, we hide. Two knocks, we run."}
\par\plain {"Got it," Will affirmed, moving to his post.}
\par\plain {Eddie looked at Madeleine. "The locks on these cages will be standard. I can get through them fast."}
\par\plain {"And I'll get them ready," Madeleine said, a new strength in her voice. The weakness from the sedative was still there, her body still trembled, but her purpose was a fire that burned away the haze. She was no longer a victim to be saved; she was a rescuer.}
\par\plain {With a nod, Ashley closed her eyes and began to chant softly. The air around the holding pen door shimmered, distorting like heat haze over a hot road. Will took his position, a silent sentinel.}
\par\plain {Eddie and Madeleine slipped through the illusionary veil and into the holding pen. The smell of fear and despair was overpowering. As Eddie moved to the first cage, placing his hand over the lock, a green glow illuminating his determined face, Madeleine moved to the second.}
\par\plain {She knelt down, her voice a soft, steady whisper to the terrified woman inside. "It's okay," she said, her own recent trauma lending her words an undeniable authenticity. "We're getting you out of here. My friends are opening the locks. When your door is open, stay silent and be ready to move."}
\par\plain {A flicker of hope ignited in the woman's eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Hiss.}{ The first lock dissolved into dust under Eddie's touch.}
\par\plain {A system was born in the heart of that sterile hell. A rhythm of hope against a backdrop of tension. As Eddie worked his silent, corrosive magic, Madeleine moved from cage to cage, her quiet words a balm, turning panicked victims into a silent, coordinated army, ready for a freedom they hadn't dared to dream of moments before.}}