{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door towards the garage creaked open, the lights from the main room streaked through as Eddie paced his way inside.}
\par\plain {The garage was dimly lit, the only light coming from a small lantern hanging above the workbench. It smelt of old wood, tools and equipment lined the walls. A rusty beaten-down car sat on the corner, the automobile definitely hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ran for ages. The sounds of metal clinking and leather straps fastened filled the space as he checked and rechecked each item with meticulous care.}
\par\plain {"This is ridiculous," Eddie muttered under his breath. His fingers ran over bandoliers, satchels, and tools he hadn't touched in years. }
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes landed on one particular satchel, a worn leather satchel that he hasn\u8217\'92t touched in years.}
\par\plain {He took the satchel and opened it.}
\par\plain {He adjusted the straps of a worn leather satchel. "An illusory forest," he scoffed. "Because, sure, Catherine, that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s exactly where I want to take Torrie. Nothing says 'quality family time with Markus' like trudging through a place that\u8217\'92s basically a trap pretending to be nature. Brilliant idea."}
\par\plain {His hands moved faster now, checking the buckles. }
\par\plain {"And she just }{\f0\fs24\i1 assumes}{ we\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll be fine. No map, no plan, just a wave of her hand and a }{\f0\fs24\i1 'Oh, it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92ll be fine! It's perfectly safe!'}{ Perfectly safe, my arse. Since when is }{\f0\fs24\i1 anywhere}{ safe when it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been illusory forest to confuse you, lure you into dead ends, or worse? What next? A quick detour into a cave full of angry wyverns? Maybe invite a banshee for tea while we\u8217\'92re at it?"}
\par\plain {The lantern above him swayed slightly, casting jittery shadows on the walls as his agitation grew. }
\par\plain {"She doesn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even think about this stuff, does she? Of course not. It's all, }{\f0\fs24\i1 'Eddie, you\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re overreacting!}{' Overreacting? When I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m the one who has to make sure Torrie doesn\u8217\'92t get eaten by whatever it is lurking in the bushes."}
\par\plain {The satchel finally settled into place with a heavy thud, and he reached for a pair of gloves, inspecting them for wear. }
\par\plain {"And Markus\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 poor Markus\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dragged into this because he just }{\f0\fs24\i1 happened}{ to be standing there when Catherine got this harebrained idea. What was he going to say? 'No, thanks, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d rather not risk my life today'? She doesn\u8217\'92t exactly leave room for discussion, does she?"}
\par\plain {He exhaled sharply, the sound halfway between a sigh and a growl, and raked his fingers through his hair. "Ridiculous. Absolutely, unequivocally ridiculous."}
\par\plain {As the heavy door creaked open, Eddie spun around, expecting Catherine or, worse, Torrie coming to ask some inane question about how much longer he was going to be. }
\par\plain {Instead, it was Mr. Robert Welton.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh hey there, Son.\u8221\'94 Robert chuckled, on his sides are satchels filled with alchemical ingredients, he goes to one of the workbench and settle it down, it settles with a very heavy thud. He then looked at Eddie, \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92re you up to?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Eddie said, his hands scraping the leather of his satchel, \u8220\'93Catherine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine?\u8221\'94 Robert raised his eyebrow. \u8220\'93Oh are you going to your little adventures?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, maybe a little is an understatement.\u8221\'94 Eddie chuckled, leaning to one of the workbench, \u8220\'93She also invited Torrie and Markus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A big party?!\u8221\'94 Robert whistled, walking towards Eddie and pats him in the back \u8220\'93You guys got  a big adventure ahead of ya!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I suppose we are.\u8221\'94 Eddie chuckled}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stay safe, son.\u8221\'94 Robert finally said}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will, dad.\u8221\'94 Eddie said, putting his satchel on, and walking towards the door. But before he could turn and twist it.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie.\u8221\'94 Robert called}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, dad?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you going to take your ring with you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie stood there, looking below.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, I gave the ring to Torrie years ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see.\u8221\'94 Robert said, his expression becoming more sombre, \u8220\'93Then come here for a sec.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie then walked from the door, joining his father on the workbench.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It should be somewhere around here\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Robert said, rummaging through his chest, taking out all sort of tools, hammers, fishing rods, axes, until}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, there she is!\u8221\'94 Robert said in glee, and from the chest, there is a Flintlock Rifle}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alfred\u8217\'92s gun?\u8221\'94 Eddie said, raising his eyebrow.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\i1 My }{\f0\fs24\i0 gun, before I gave this to Alfred, and since he is away overseas nobody has used it ever since.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Robert said}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what do you want me to do with it?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s see whether you still know how to use \u8216\'91em.\u8221\'94 He said, then tossing the rifle to Eddie, in which he catches it. \u8220\'93Go on, do you still remember how to load the thing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie reached for a small metal ball from the other satchel without a word, loading the flintlock with practised ease. His movements were fluid and confident as if the muscle memory had never left him. He secured the powder, placed the ball in the barrel, and snapped the mechanism into place. When he finished, he looked up at his father. }
\par\plain {Robert smiled. "Alright, I suppose you still remember. I'd rather you take your ring with you, but if you insist on not using it, at least you can defend yourself. Now disengage it, Edward." }
\par\plain {Eddie then slinged Alfred\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rifle on his back, then took the other satchel, containing gun powders and metal balls. "Yeah, I suppose so." }
\par\plain {There was a brief silence, the weight of unspoken words hanging between them. Finally, Robert clapped his hand on Eddie's shoulder, his grip firm. "Alright then. Be safe out there, Ed. Keep Torrie safe out there, alright?"}
\par\plain {Eddie met his father's gaze, the flintlock resting comfortably at his gack. "I sure will."}
\par\plain {As Robert turned to leave, Eddie watched him go, feeling the rifle's weight in his hands. It wasn't the same as carrying a wand, but perhaps that was the point. The door closed behind his father with a soft thud, leaving Eddie alone in the garage's quiet. }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl360\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {-o-}
\par\pard\plain \sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch 
\par\plain {\tab Eddie stepped out of the garage, Flintlock rifle slung across his back and two satchels secured at his sides, one leather, containing his personal stuff, the other is a canvas satchel, containing his ammunition. The morning air was cool, slightly obscured by the morning fog. Muted grey painted the sky. Outside, Catherine and Torrie stood near the low stone wall overlooking the sea, Catherine is leaning on the stone wall. Their figures bathed in the fading light. }
\par\plain {\tab Torrie, her eyes wide with excitement, was practically bouncing on her heels as she bombarded Catherine with a flurry of questions about magic. Her silver-jade conduit ring bouncing on her metal chains on her neck as she talk. }
\par\plain {\tab "Catherine, Catherine! Could you transmute copper into gas if you added enough heat and pressure? Or would it just destabilize like Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f0\fs24\i1 brilliant}{ idea last week? You know, the one that nearly made the whole living room smell like burnt hair and vinegar for days?"}
\par\plain {\tab "Well, Torrie, theoretically, yes, you could, but transmuting metals on that scale requires an extraordinary amount of precision\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 far more than most Alchemists can safely handle. And Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s experiment wasn\u8217\'92t }{\f0\fs24\i1 entirely}{ off-base," she added with a faint smile, glancing at him. }
\par\plain {\tab Markus, meanwhile, leaned casually against the stone wall. His gaze fixed on the sea as the waves gently lapped against the shore below. He looked up as Eddie approached, a grin spreading across his face.}
\par\plain {\tab "All set, Ed?" Markus asked. Pushing himself off the wall.}
\par\plain {\tab Eddie nodded. "Yeah, I'm ready." }
\par\plain {\tab As Eddie joined them, Catherine's eyes were drawn immediately to the rifle on his back. Her brows furrowed in surprise, a stark contrast to the warm smile she had been wearing. "Eddie, what is that?" }
\par\plain {\tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dad asked me to carry it.\u8221\'94 Eddie said, straightening the flintlock on his back, \u8220\'93For protections, of course.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not use your usual ring?\u8221\'94 Catherine said}
\par\plain {Eddie stood there, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I uhh,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie gave the ring to me.\u8221\'94 Torrie said, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be using the ring.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well that\u8217\'92s a disappointment,\u8221\'94 Catherine sighed. She studied him longer, searching for the boy she remembered in the man before her. "I see... Well, I suppose a bit of extra protection never hurt anyone." }
\par\plain {She then stepped closer, her scholarly curiosity piqued. "May I?" she asked, touching the rifle. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie quickly swatted her hand away, a playful smile tugging at his lips despite his tension. "No, can't do, Ma'am. Dad said nobody else should touch it besides me and my brother Alfred."}
\par\plain {Catherine pouted. Folding her arms, sulking playfully. "Hmph, and here I thought I'd get to examine something new. Very well, I suppose I'll just have to content myself with the mysteries of the Deep Glaive."}
\par\plain {Torrie giggled at the exchange, and even Markus couldn't help but chuckle. Eddie shook his head, still smiling, as he adjusted the strap of his satchel.}
\par\plain {Catherine regained her usual demeanour, though a hint of amusement lingered in her eyes. "Alright, let's get going. The Deep Glaive waits for no one."}
\par\plain {The group began to make their way down the path leading away from the house. Catherine walked at the front, her staff clicking rhythmically against the cobblestones. Torrie followed closely behind, practically skipping with every step. Markus and Eddie brought up the rear, with Eddie casting one last glance back at the house where his father stood watching from the doorway.}
\par\plain {Mr and Mrs Welton raised a hand in a silent farewell, his expression a mix of pride and concern. Eddie returned the gesture before turning away. }
\par\pard\plain \sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\tab }}