{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bus groaned. It clanked beneath the floorboards like a piggy bank, accompanied by the rhythmic squeaking of the old suspension every time they hit a bump.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The seats creaked whenever someone shifted their weight. Somewhere near the back, a bolt was loose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it rattled faintly with every turn.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Overhead, the air conditioner wheezed out cool air in pitiful, uneven bursts. It clicked now and then, like it was trying to restart itself but kept giving up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The whole vehicle smelled faintly of dust and dried grass. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie sat near the window, his crutch propped beside him, fingers loosely gripping the handle. The metal of it was warm to the touch from sitting in the sunlight. His leg ached dully from the vibrations in the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a week after his admission to Edenfield Infirmary, the nurses decided to let him go, since he looked more fine than ever, (and with Ashley and Will visiting too often, it gets really rowdy) and so he decided to leave and take his weekend somewhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Outside, the usual bustle of Edenfield is starting to give way to open fields. The noise of city life\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the chatter of street vendors, the distant clanging of bells, the squeals of tram brakes\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had long since faded, replaced by the subtle hum of wind brushing over fields.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He leaned against the cool windowpane and let his eyes drift to the hills outside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The note crinkled faintly in his hand as he turned it over again.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 21st Norwood Street. Past the Campground. Edenfield Mythical Creature Sanctuary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s handwriting was neat, almost too neat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like every letter had been shaped with care.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve ignored it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Midterms were over. Will was back to his stacks of books. Ashley had thrown herself into her advocacy group again, fighting for student protections and probably brewing some conspiracy after everything that happened to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve gone back to the Book Pirates, argued about the latest book they\u8217\'92d smuggled in from the restricted section. He\u8217\'92d even drafted a rant about the plot holes in }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 The Alchemist\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s Mirror}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And yet, here he was.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Why?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because of a hunch? Because of that thing that chased him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 crawling on all fours with arms too long and a face that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look human?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Or maybe because of }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 her}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He let out a slow breath and leaned his head against the window. The glass was warm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d been patient with him. Even when she caught him that one time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 slipping a book from the library.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Who was he kidding?}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 She was kind to everyone. That was just who she was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked outside again. The golden fields started to thin. In their place, narrow rivers carved winding paths through the land, glinting in the sunlight. Trees\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tall, broad, and old\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 appeared more frequently now, rising from mossy rocks and thick underbrush. Their branches cast flickering shadows that danced across the windows as the bus rattled along the dirt path, it reminds him of home.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The road dipped and groaned under the weight of the vehicle. Somewhere beneath Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seat, a loose panel clattered like it might fall off. Still, he kept his eyes forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The bus finally creaked to a stop before a worn wooden cabin that sat nestled beneath a wide oak tree. A crooked sign swung gently in the breeze above the door.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Norwood Campgrounds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked at the paper again, unfolding it like he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t memorized every inch of it.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 21st Norwood Street, past the campground.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Right}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 this must be it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a grunt, he pressed a hand to the metal frame of the seat in front of him and hoisted himself up. His angle protested instantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stupid\u8230\'85 thing,\u8221\'94 Eddie cursed at his own leg, \u8220\'93Should\u8217\'92ve waited a few more days.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The aisle felt narrower than usual. He shuffled past the rows of empty seats, his hand dragging along the backs of them for balance, his body swaying with the uneven ground beneath the bus.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gravel crunched under his foot. The scent of pine hit him immediately\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 strong, earthy, and damp. Somewhere nearby, birds were chirping, and the wind whistled gently through the leaves like a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie took a few slow steps forward, scanning the area. Past the bus stop and Norwood Campgrounds cabin, there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just a scattering of wooden buildings, most of them locked up, a picnic table or two, and a lonely clothesline swaying in the breeze. Beyond that, just trees. Trees and shadows. Tall and thick, the kind that swallowed noise and direction.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned the note over in his hand again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Past the campground, near the griffin statue." it said. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Where? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was nothing here but locked-up cabins and trees that swallowed the light. After ten minutes of limping down a trail that led nowhere and getting confused looks from the few campers he saw, irritation began to prickle under his skin. He came to a stop by a large oak, leaning heavily on his crutch. His leg throbbed, his shirt was sticking to his back, and he was starting to feel like an idiot. Maybe this was all just a test. Or worse, a joke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He came to a slow stop by a large oak tree, breathing hard. His leg was sore, his shirt was sticking to his back, and he was starting to wonder if this had all been a mistake. Maybe Madeleine had been joking. Or testing him. Or maybe\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Edward!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The voice cut through the woods like a warm gust of air. He froze, eyes scanning the brush and the winding paths around him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Again, }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Edward!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned just in time to see a figure emerging between two trees\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 wavy red hair catching the sunlight like a flicker of fire, arms waving above her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She jogged toward him, boots thudding softly against the dirt path, a wide smile on her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You made it!\u8221\'94 she called, beaming.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before he could respond, she closed the distance and moved to wrap her arms around him. She caught herself halfway, her eyes darting to his crutch and the way he held his body stiffly. Her wide smile softened into a look of immediate concern. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Agh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 crap\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 my leg!\u8221\'94 Eddie winced, half-laughing, half-wheezing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine immediately pulled back, her eyes wide. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh no! I\u8217\'92m so sorry\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I didn\u8217\'92t know you were still healing!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He waved it off, trying to catch his breath. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, no, it\u8217\'92s fine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 just\u8230\'85 a bit too soon for a bear hug, y\u8217\'92know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine frowned, looking genuinely guilty. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really should\u8217\'92ve waited a few more days. You didn't have to come all this way. You didn\u8217\'92t sneak out of your dorm, right?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What can I say,\u8221\'94 Eddie shrugged. \u8220\'93Couldn\u8217\'92t pass up a chance to meet the fire-breathing, death-dealing dragons you\u8217\'92ve kept here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He expected a laugh, but Madeleine just nodded thoughtfully toward the distant trees. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll have to wait on the dragons, I\u8217\'92m afraid. The matriarch has a wing injury and we\u8217\'92re keeping the hatchling in the containment ward for observation.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haha, yeah.\u8221\'94 Eddie chuckled. Then paused. \u8220\'93Wait\u8230\'85 you\u8217\'92re serious?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The path they followed are narrow. Between rows upon rows of towering pine trees and giant rocks. The sunlight filtering through in golden slants. The silence of the woods was complete\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 except for the occasional chirping of birds, the rustle of leaves, and now and then, a distant, eerie wail from deeper in the forest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Eddie opened, beginning to feel the silence, \u8220\'93How long have you been doing this? The Sanctuary thing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Since my first year.\u8221\'94 Her voice was calm, nostalgic. \u8220\'93I signed up as a volunteer the moment I arrived in Edenfield. But to be honest, it started long before that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You grew up around these kind of stuff?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You could say that,\u8221\'94 she said with a small laugh. \u8220\'93But not exactly, I was always obsessed with them. Reading about them. Drawing them. Pretending I had one hidden under my bed when I was little.\u8221\'94 She slowed her pace a little, eyes scanning the path ahead. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There was one time,\u8221\'94 She continued, \u8220\'93When I was maybe eight or nine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 me and two of my best friends were playing by the creek near my place. We stumbled on this injured hatchling. Tiny thing. Could barely stand. It must\u8217\'92ve gotten separated from its flock.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie listened, the rhythmic thud of his crutch tapping the dirt between her words.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We couldn\u8217\'92t tell our parents,\u8221\'94 she continued. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92d have made us give it up right away. Said it was too dangerous. So we took turns sneaking out food and blankets. One of us would always be on watch while the others fed it and tend to its wing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It took almost a year.\u8221\'94 She smiled, \u8220\'93But one day, it just stood up, flapped its wings, and took off. Just like that. No warning. No goodbye. He\u8217\'92s Just\u8230\'85 gone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Didn\u8217\'92t that\u8230\'85 I don\u8217\'92t know\u8230\'85 Hurt?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean?\u8221\'94 Madeleine asked back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Eddie said, \u8220\'93Taking care of something for almost a year. You must\u8217\'92ve grown attached to that thing, you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Some people say letting go is painful. But I didn\u8217\'92t feel that way. It\u8217\'92s just that the feeling I felt finally seeing them fly again outweights the feeling I felt when they left. Seeing it soar\u8230\'85 If felt as if we did something good, and that was enough.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They walked in silence for a few more steps.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked at her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a lot of heart for an eight-year-old.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think it was heart.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine smiled at him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was hope.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They walked for some time, the path narrowing until it became little more than a trail of flattened leaves and twisted roots. Eventually, Madeleine veered off the track, motioning for Eddie to follow her. He hesitated for a moment, then sighed and limped after her into a quiet clearing surrounded by towering trees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At the far end of the clearing stood two trees unlike any Eddie had seen before. They were impossibly tall, ancient, their gnarled trunks wide enough to fit a whole bus between them. Roots like thick ropes coiled at their bases, and their dark green canopies loomed high above the rest of the forest like silent sentinels.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stood in the middle of the clearing, taking in the sheer scale of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine, meanwhile, walked toward the space between the trees. She paced to and fro in front of them, scanning the area.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you doing?\u8221\'94 Eddie called.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine squinted at the ground, then up at the trunks. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Someone must\u8217\'92ve closed the gate.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The what?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you bring a wand?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I umm\u8230\'85 no, I don\u8217\'92t have any.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She winced. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Right. Of course, sorry I forgot you\u8217\'92re in Alchemy. I don\u8217\'92t have mine either.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a resigned sigh, Madeleine stepped up to one of the trees and began patting the bark, feeling around the grooves like someone searching for a hidden latch. After a few moments, she let out a soft \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah-ha!\u8221\'94 and pulled something free from a hollow in the bark.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a staff\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 twisted wood woven into a lattice, with a simple, clouded crystal embedded at the top. The whole thing looked as if it had grown that way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine approached the first tree and tapped it once with the staff. Then she crossed over to the other and did the same.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, she returned to Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side, held the staff upright, and brought its base down against the earth with a soft }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 thunk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At first, nothing happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, high above, something stirred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie looked up just in time to see a thick branch from one tree curl inward like a bending arm. The other tree responded in kind. The two branches reached across the empty space between them and interlocked, forming a curved archway of living wood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And beneath that arch, the world changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Where moments ago there had only been trees and brambles, now stood an open expanse of green fields stretching gently toward the horizon. A wooden fence traced the edge of a nearby pasture, and beyond it were low cabins with mossy roofs, a few smoke trails curling lazily from chimneys. The scent of hay and something vaguely sulfurous wafted from the invisible threshold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie blinked. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 new.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Madeleine grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome to the Edenfield Mythical Creature Sanctuary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}