{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The sun blazed overhead, casting a golden glow over the schoolyard. Nagano sat in the shade of a concrete shelter, his back against the wall and his guitar resting on his lap. His friends were a short distance away, their laughter and shouts filling the air as they played a game of baseball. But Nagano was deep in concentration, his fingers carefully threading a new string onto his guitar. The upper E string had snapped earlier, and he was determined to fix it before practice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As he worked, a shadow fell over him, growing closer and closer. Nagano didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look up, assuming it was one of his friends coming to pester him. \u8220\'93Look, man,\u8221\'94 he said, his tone half-amused, half-annoyed, \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m busy here. You can just go on ahead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He paused, his hands stilling as he caught a glimpse of the figure standing in front of him. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t one of his friends. It was Haruki.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, Haruki?\u8221\'94 he said, his eyebrows shooting up in surprise.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki stood there, her usual paint-stained seifuku uniform slightly disheveled, her sleeves rolled up to her elbows. In her hands were two bottles of soda, condensation dripping down the sides. But what caught Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s attention most was the look on her face\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a determined, almost fierce expression that he hadn\u8217\'92t seen before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey,\u8221\'94 Haruki said, her voice steady but firm. She held out one of the sodas to him. \u8220\'93I brought you this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano blinked, his confusion evident. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85 thanks?\u8221\'94 he said, taking the bottle hesitantly. He glanced over at his friends, who were now watching the interaction with curious grins, before turning back to Haruki. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s this for?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki smiled, her expression softening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s an apology,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone sincere. \u8220\'93For lashing out at you yesterday. I\u8230\'85 I had a bad day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano laughed, the sound warm and easy. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s okay. I didn\u8217\'92t think much of it. I just didn\u8217\'92t realize you were having such a rough time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki giggled, the tension in her shoulders easing slightly. For a while, they sat in comfortable silence, the sounds of Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s friends playing baseball filling the air. The crack of the bat, the shouts of encouragement, the occasional burst of laughter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it all blended into a lively backdrop as Haruki took a sip from her soda. Nagano occasionally did the same, though his focus remained on his guitar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He finished placing the new string on the fretboard and began tuning it, plucking each string and adjusting the pegs until the notes rang clear. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There you go!\u8221\'94 he said, grinning to himself as he strummed a chord. \u8220\'93Good as new!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki watched him, a small smile playing on her lips. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say, Nagano,\u8221\'94 she began, her tone casual but curious, \u8220\'93you said you wanted to play on a stage, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I guess so,\u8221\'94 Nagano said, his fingers idly playing a few chords. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve done it now and then with some of my friends who also play music. But I think people get bored hearing the same things over and over, so they just stopped bothering.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki raised an eyebrow, amused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huh? You\u8217\'92ve already performed? And you\u8217\'92re still unsatisfied?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano shrugged, his grin turning sheepish. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I mean, it\u8217\'92s fun and all, but it\u8217\'92s not exactly what I dreamed of, you know?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki tilted her head, her curiosity piqued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What kind of performance do you want to do before you graduate, then?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression grew thoughtful as he strummed another chord. \u8220\'93I just want to play for a happy crowd,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice softer now. \u8220\'93And I guess that means I need to be sincere with what I\u8217\'92m playing. Not just covering other people\u8217\'92s songs, but playing something I wrote myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes lit up. \u8220\'93Do you and your friends have an original song?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano chuckled, scratching the back of his neck. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We do, but\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s bad. I\u8217\'92m good at the guitar, and my friends are great at their instruments, but none of us are good with words. The lyrics always fall flat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki sat there for a moment, her mind racing. Then, like a lightbulb flicking on, an idea struck her. She leaned closer to Nagano, lowering her voice to a whisper. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if\u8230\'85 you got someone to help with the lyrics? Someone who\u8217\'92s good with words?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano blinked, his brow furrowing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like who?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like Aoki Honoka.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, and he leaned back, clearly taken aback. \u8220\'93Aoki-san? From the Literature Club? Do you think she\u8217\'92d even consider it? I mean, I know those clubs are usually super busy, and after what you told me yesterday\u8230\'85 I\u8217\'92m not sure she\u8217\'92d want to work with me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki waved a hand dismissively. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about that. I\u8217\'92m good friends with her. I can make it happen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano stared at her, his expression a mix of skepticism and hope. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really think so?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki nodded, her determination unwavering. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know so. Just leave it to me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano grinned, his usual confidence returning. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. If you can pull this off, I owe you one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki laughed, standing up and brushing off her uniform. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d better believe it. Now, finish tuning that guitar. You\u8217\'92re going to need it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As she walked away, Nagano watched her go, a smile tugging at his lips. For the first time in a while, he felt a spark of excitement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not just about playing music, but about the possibilities that lay ahead.}}