{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The evening was alive with the sounds of laughter and chatter as Eddie, Will, and Ashley entered the Weathering Dragon, their usual hangout spot at Edenfield. The familiar warmth of the pub embraced them instantly, the scent of freshly baked bread and hearty stews mingling with the unmistakable fragrance of brewing ale. The fire crackled in the hearth, its golden glow casting flickering shadows across the room.}
\par\plain {Will, a little too eager to let go of the day\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s tension, immediately headed toward the bar. He waved at Henry, who was behind the counter as usual, and ordered a round of the finest ale, grinning at the thought of indulging in the one thing he could always count on to unwind.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Give me something strong tonight, Henry. The finals are over,\u8221\'94 Will declared, a twinkle of mischief in his eyes. \u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m celebrating big!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry chuckled, shaking his head as he set to work on the order. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Celebrating, huh? Well, I\u8217\'92ll see you in the morning, my friend,\u8221\'94 he teased.}
\par\plain {Meanwhile, Eddie and Ashley found a spot at one of the long wooden tables, settling in amidst the warm glow and cozy ambiance. Eddie, despite his exhaustion, was in high spirits. The pressure of the finals had melted away, and he allowed himself to relax for the first time in what felt like forever.}
\par\plain {As Will came back with a frothy mug of ale, Eddie and Ashley exchanged a glance, a silent agreement between them. Though neither of them were much for alcohol, they had other ways of indulging in the finer things that the pub offered. Tonight, they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just students scraping by on their scholarships. Tonight, they were going to treat themselves.}
\par\plain {The rich aroma of sizzling steaks from the kitchen made Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach growl. He had been dreaming of this moment\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he and Ashley were about to savor a meal they\u8217\'92d never be able to afford on a regular night. The juicy steak, the tender potatoes, and the crisp vegetables were something they\u8217\'92d only ever seen on the menu, their eyes lingering on the prices with wistful glances. But tonight was different. Tonight, they\u8217\'92d give in to their cravings.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll take the steak, medium-rare, with the rosemary potatoes,\u8221\'94 Eddie said to the barmaid who had come to take their orders, his voice almost reverent.}
\par\plain {Ashley, who had been eyeing the menu with the same intense curiosity, nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Same for me, please. And make it two ales, but don\u8217\'92t make them strong,\u8221\'94 she added, though the warmth of the drink was still a welcome addition.}
\par\plain {Will, already halfway through his mug, raised it in a playful toast. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here\u8217\'92s to surviving the finals!\u8221\'94 He grinned, swishing the ale around in his mug.}
\par\plain {Eddie clinked his mug with Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, while Ashley just gave a half-smile, shaking her head at Will\u8217\'92s antics. It was a rare moment for them all\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a brief escape from the grind of their studies, the pressure of their scholarships, and the looming uncertainty of what came next. Tonight, it was just them, and they were going to savor every bite, every sip.}
\par\plain {As they ate, the pub around them continued to hum with life. Laughter rang out from a group of students near the fire, their voices high with excitement. The lute played softly in the background, a gentle melody that accompanied the chatter and clinking of mugs.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, breaking the comfortable silence as he cut into his steak, \u8220\'93I could really get used to this. A little more success and a little less worrying about where the next meal\u8217\'92s coming from, and we could really enjoy Edenfield.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will, who was already on his second mug of ale, laughed heartily. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Speak for yourself. I don\u8217\'92t know if I\u8217\'92ll ever get tired of celebrating like this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley smiled softly, her fingers tapping the edge of her glass. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just glad the finals are over. Now we can finally breathe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The three of them shared a quiet moment, savoring the meal and the company. In the back of the pub, the wooden dragon carved above the bar seemed to loom over them, watching with the silent wisdom of generations past. The warmth of the fire, the laughter of the students, and the gentle strumming of the lute created the perfect backdrop for their evening of celebration.}
\par\plain {Even though they were far from home, this pub, this community, felt like a place where they truly belonged. It was a small victory in the larger, more daunting world of Edenfield University, but it was theirs to claim\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 one meal, one drink, and one laugh at a time.}
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain {The evening had settled into a comfortable quiet, the hum of conversation and laughter filling the air as the trio of friends relaxed in the corner of the Weathering Dragon. Eddie, still sober and enjoying the warmth of the pub, sat back on a wooden bench while Will, his face flushed from the alcohol, slouched next to him, still gripping his empty mug loosely.}
\par\plain {The food had been enough to take the edge off the stress of finals, but Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but reflect on the day\u8217\'92s events\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 specifically, Madeleine. She had played a crucial role in his success, in his understanding of both his alchemy and himself.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know,\u8221\'94 Eddie started, his voice thoughtful, \u8220\'93I think I owe so much of today to Madeleine. If it wasn\u8217\'92t for her... well, I don\u8217\'92t think I would have done as well as I did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will, already half-drunk, smirked and raised an eyebrow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s this now? Eddie\u8217\'92s got a soft spot for someone?\u8221\'94 he teased, his voice a little slurred. \u8220\'93Are you telling me you\u8217\'92ve got a thing for her or something?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie chuckled, glancing over at his friend. The teasing didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t faze him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it was typical Will. But the more Eddie thought about it, the more he realized how true Will\u8217\'92s teasing actually was. He had grown fond of Madeleine. She had shown him kindness when he was at his lowest, and her warmth had been a constant through all the chaos.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe I do,\u8221\'94 Eddie said with a smile, his voice soft. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s... kind, and warm. I\u8217\'92ve never met anyone like her. I like her company. She\u8217\'92s been a big help in helping me understand... well, myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will, already drifting off into a nap, didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond. His head lolled forward, and with a soft thud, his face planted on the table, snoring softly.}
\par\plain {Eddie let out a small laugh at the sight of Will, the image of him passed out mid-conversation never failing to amuse him. He was about to say something more when Ashley returned with her non-alcoholic drink, her eyes scanning the table.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on? What were you two talking about?\u8221\'94 she asked, taking a seat beside them, her eyes dancing with curiosity.}
\par\plain {Eddie glanced at Will, now a lump of limp sleep at the table, and then back to Ashley. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was just saying... I think we should thank Madeleine for all the help she\u8217\'92s given me. If it wasn\u8217\'92t for her, I don\u8217\'92t think we\u8217\'92d have done so well today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley nodded thoughtfully, sipping from her drink. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think that\u8217\'92s a great idea. She deserves a little appreciation. And it\u8217\'92s not like it\u8217\'92s too late. We could go visit her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s exactly what I was thinking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face lit up at the idea, and without hesitation, she raised her voice toward the bar. \u8220\'93Hey, Henry!\u8221\'94 she called out, causing the barman to look over from behind the counter. \u8220\'93Do you know where Madeleine lives? We want to go thank her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Henry paused for a moment, considering the question. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Madeleine, eh?\u8221\'94 He scratched his chin, a smile spreading across his face. \u8220\'93Well, last I heard, she\u8217\'92s got an apartment up in the northern district. A bit of a trek from here, but nothing too crazy. It\u8217\'92s past the marketplace, if you know where that is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley exchanged a glance with Eddie, her expression lighting up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perfect,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice full of purpose. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s make a quick visit then. It\u8217\'92ll be nice to surprise her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie agreed, nodding thoughtfully. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not far, we can do it. She\u8217\'92s probably still studying or winding down from the day. A surprise might be just what she needs.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will, still snoozing on the table, muttered something incoherent, his breath deep and steady, completely unaware of the plans forming around him.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get going then,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, standing up, wiping his hands on his pants. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll wake Will up when we\u8217\'92re outside. It\u8217\'92ll be good to stretch our legs after sitting through that long day.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The three of them stood up, gathering their belongings and exchanging lighthearted goodbyes with the familiar faces in the pub. Henry waved them off with a wink, wishing them good luck on their little nighttime adventure.}
\par\plain {With the cold air of the evening settling in around them, they made their way toward the northern district, the moonlight reflecting off the cobbled streets. The journey would take a little while, but it was the perfect opportunity for them to continue their celebration in a quiet, meaningful way. As they walked, Eddie couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but feel a sense of excitement\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it wasn\u8217\'92t just about thanking Madeleine, it was also about acknowledging the small victories they\u8217\'92d achieved together.}
\par\plain {It was the kind of night that promised more than just a fleeting celebration. Tonight, they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d strengthen the bonds that would carry them forward into the unknown future of their time at Edenfield. }}