{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Dawn painted the common room in stripes of gold and shadow, revealing the aftermath of their all-night crusade. Eddie blinked awake to the scent of burnt toast and the sight of Will's socked foot inches from his face. The quilt Henry had lent them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a garish thing stitched from what appeared to be old theater curtains\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had somehow wound up entirely around Ashley, leaving Eddie and Will to share a single threadbare throw pillow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Across the room, Christine occupied the entire sofa like a sleeping monarch, her silk sleeping mask slightly askew to reveal the dark circles beneath. Geralt's massive frame was folded improbably into an armchair, his neck bent at an angle that promised hours of chiropractic regret. The four stolen telephones sat like sentinels on the coffee table, their cords tangled in a nest of crossed-out names and coffee rings.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Four stolen telephones sat like battle trophies on the low table, their cords tangled in a nest of crossed-out names and ink stains. A half-eaten pastry served as a paperweight for Ashley's meticulously organized lists:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Edenfield Students (34), Fernwynn Merchants (12), Dockworkers (7)}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Someone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 probably Will\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had doodled obscene illustrations in the margins of the university directory.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The scent of honey and toasted wheat pulled Eddie from sleep like an alchemist's hook. Through the sleep-crusted haze, he saw Catherine's silhouette against the dawn-lit kitchen window\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her knife-sharp ears backlit by morning sun, her hands moving with the rhythmic precision of someone who'd cooked this meal for centuries. A lilting melody curled through the air, its melody shifting between languages Eddie half-recognized from childhood lullabies.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie's bare feet met cold flagstones as he shuffled toward the kitchen. The others slept on\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Will sprawled like a fallen knight across two chairs, Ashley curled protectively around her staff, even Christine's usually-perfect posture slackened against Geralt's shoulder. The war room of crumpled lists and tangled phone cords seemed almost peaceful in the honey-gold light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine flipped a pancake with a flick of her wrist, the thin disc catching air before landing back in the skillet with a buttery hiss. "Good morning, sleepyhead," she sang, not turning from the stove. The ancient tune she'd been humming dissolved into modern speech. "Or should I say good afternoon?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie leaned against the counter, watching as she arranged the pancakes on a chipped platter. They were unlike any he'd seen\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 translucent as parchment, their edges crisp and blistered from olive oil. Bowls of figs split open like jewels, salty olives, and something that looked suspiciously like goat milk cheese completed the spread.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Elven legionnaire's breakfast," Catherine said, pressing a fig into Eddie's hand before he could ask. The fruit burst sweet and floral against his tongue. "Sustained many a campaign in the old days." Her eyes flicked to the sleeping figures, the makeshift command center of their rebellion. "I see you've amassed an army."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie followed her gaze to where Henry's quilt still held the shape of his body. "More like desperate volunteers," he muttered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine's smirk deepened as she drizzled honey in spirals across the pancakes. "All great lords start with banners called from kitchen tables." She tapped the knife against the platter\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a soft chime that somehow carried through the room. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The honey spirals glistened like molten gold as Eddie took his first bite. The flavors exploded\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 earthy wheat, floral olive oil, the sharp tang of aged cheese cutting through the sweetness. It was delicious, which made the historical irony almost funny. The legendary Elven Legionnaire's rations, perfected during their conquest of the mortal kingdoms, now served in a university dorm to their former enemies' descendant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie watched dawn light catch in the honey still dripping from Catherine's fingers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 golden and sticky as the secrets she kept.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s knife stilled mid-slice when Eddie spoke. "You brought us to the Weltons." Figs bled dark juice onto the cutting board. "But who gave us to you?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine hummed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a neutral sound that wasn't quite confirmation. The cast iron skillet hissed as she slid another pancake onto the growing stack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie pressed on. "My magic... it's not just different from the others. It's\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 old}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Hereditary." His thumb unconsciously traced the strange sigil his spells sometimes left behind\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the one Madeleine had called "the language of stones." "Who were my parents?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For a long moment, the only sounds were the crackling stove and distant snores from the common room. Catherine arranged figs on the platter with deliberate care before speaking.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Your father," she said at last, "was the most honorable man I ever knew. Kept his vows even when it cost him everything." She drizzled more honey, the golden threads forming intricate patterns. "Your mother... she could shield an entire city with her will alone." A pause. "Neither of them would recognize this world now."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie's chest tightened. "That's not an answer."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "It's the only one I can give." Catherine finally met his gaze, her pupils slitted against the morning light. "When the time comes, you'll know.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie hesitated, then picked up a fork and cut into the pancake. He took a cautious bite, his taste buds immediately met with a surprising mix of sweetness from the honey, tang from the curdled milk, and the subtle richness of olive oil. He blinked, taking another bite.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not bad,\u8221\'94 he admitted, nodding. \u8220\'93Actually\u8230\'85 pretty good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ha! Told you,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, turning back to the stove with a triumphant smile. She gestured to a bottle of red wine on the counter, its label faded and its glass dusty with age. \u8220\'93Pair it with this. Vintage Solivian wine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie frowned, glancing at the bottle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wine? For breakfast?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine shrugged, her smirk widening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re students. Isn\u8217\'92t drinking at odd hours part of the experience? and this one is a vintage from... let\u8217\'92s see... ah, ninty years ago,\u8221\'94 Catherine said with a sly smile. \u8220\'93I thought it might pair nicely, i might have forgotten where i got this from.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ninty years,\u8221\'94 Eddie repeated, shaking his head. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s older than my grandfather.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your grandfather was eighty years old, Edward, but alas,\u8221\'94 Catherine winked. \u8220\'93Good wine only gets better with age. Like myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie rolled his eyes but couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help chuckling. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re absolutly insufferable.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92re welcome,\u8221\'94 Catherine shot back. \u8220\'93Now go wake the others. Breakfast doesn\u8217\'92t keep, and I\u8217\'92m not reheating it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The common room buzzed to life as Eddie nudged Will and Ashley awake. Blankets rustled, groggy complaints filled the air, and the aroma of Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cooking wafted through the space, coaxing everyone into consciousness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What... smells so good?\u8221\'94 Will muttered, rubbing his eyes as he sat up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Breakfast,\u8221\'94 Eddie said simply, gesturing toward the kitchen where Catherine was now arranging the spread. The dining table had been transformed into a miniature feast, with plates of Legionnare Ration, bowls of figs, dates, and olives, and a decanter of the vintage red wine sitting at the center. Everything was placed with precision, as though Catherine were hosting an important gathering rather than feeding a group of university students.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Dorm Seven's dining table\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 usually home to dust and the occasional forgotten textbook\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 gleamed under an uncharacteristic arrangement of chipped plates and mismatched cutlery. Henry kept adjusting the placement of a fork, his dorm captain instincts warring with disbelief that his residents were actually using the common area for its intended purpose.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Christine's teacup hovered halfway to her lips, her usual aristocratic poise shattered as she stared openly at Catherine. The morning light caught the elf's sharp cheekbones and the subtle points of her ears, making her seem more like a storybook illustration than a being of flesh and blood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "You're... you're really one of them," Christine breathed, her voice uncharacteristically small. "The Fair Folk of the Silver Courts."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine's smirk deepened as she drizzled honey over a pancake with theatrical flair. "Oh, we had many names. The Shining Bane. The Dawn Bringers. The Heartless Conquerors." She leaned forward, her eyes glinting. "Which bedtime stories did your nurses tell, little lordling?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A flush crept up Christine's neck. At her side, Geralt shifted protectively, his massive frame making the chair creak in protest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Will snorted into his wine glass. "Careful, princess. She'll have you trading your firstborn for a pretty song."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Already got one of those, thanks," Catherine quipped, ruffling Eddie's hair as she passed. He batted her hand away with a grumble, but there was no real heat in it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ashley, ever the diplomat, cleared her throat. "The pancakes are incredible, Catherine. Is this really what elven legionnaires ate?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Only on good days," Catherine said, pouring more wine\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 into proper glasses now, much to Henry's visible relief. "Mostly we survived on hardtack and spite." She winked at Christine. "The 'fair lords and maidens' nonsense came later, when bards needed romantic endings."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie watched as Christine carefully cut her pancake into perfect squares\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a nervous habit he recognized from their academy days. The heiress who'd once mocked him for his "peasant magic" now sat starstruck before an actual mythical being. The irony wasn't lost on him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "So," Catherine's voice cut through the clatter of cutlery, her fingers steepled beneath her chin. "This rebellion of yours. Do you children actually intend to storm the Black Hand's underworld den?" Her tone walked the line between amusement and genuine concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie set down his fork with deliberate calm. "We're going to try." He nudged a grease-stained notebook across the table\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 pages crammed with phone numbers, each crossed out after last night's desperate calls. "We've already started gathering others who've lost people."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Ashley leaned forward, her Campus Watch badge glinting beside a syrup smear. "There's a meeting tonight. Midnight at the Edenfield Archives." Her gaze locked onto Catherine's with uncharacteristic intensity. "You should come."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The room seemed to hold its breath. Even Christine stopped mutilating her breakfast.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine swirled her wine, watching the legs slide down the glass. "The Archives," she mused. "Clever. No one would question students there after dark." A slow smile spread across her face. "Even if they're planning treason."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Henry choked on his coffee. "We're not\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Please," Catherine waved him off. "Storming a secret assassin stronghold? That's textbook treason." She took a satisfied sip before adding, "Deliciously so."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Will slammed his palms on the table, making the plates jump. "So you're in then?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 All eyes turned to the elf. Outside, a gust of wind rattled the windows\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or perhaps it was the university's ancient ghosts stirring in anticipation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Catherine's smile turned razor-sharp. "Well, I haven't committed proper treason since the Solivian Uprising." She topped up her wine glass with a flourish. "Wouldn't miss it for the world."}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line }}