{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie and Catherine trudged through the shattered remnants of the Illusory Forest, the path barely recognizable beneath the rubble. The trees loomed around them, casting long, jagged shadows over the uneven ground, their shapes twisting in the dim light.}
\par\plain {Catherine walked beside him, clutching the splintered remains of her once-proud brass mahogany staff. The delicate engravings that had once gleamed with alchemical precision were now marred by cracks and soot, hastily mended by Alchemical Mending.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s rifle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his father\u8217\'92s rifle\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 lay in two broken halves, its finely crafted compartments torn apart. Every step pressed the weight of the battle deeper into his chest.}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s alchemy-infused salves had eased some of his pain, but the bruises, burns, and sharp, unnatural angle of his arm were beyond simple remedies. He barely winced but held it close, as if acknowledging the injury would make it worse.}
\par\plain {His entire body ached, a dull, persistent throb that had settled into his bones. His limbs felt leaden, his breaths shallow. The forest around him felt distant\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 like he was walking through a dream, his senses dulled at the edges.}
\par\plain {But he refused to slow down. }
\par\plain {The night stretched on, the forest shifting around them. Quiet. Too quiet.}
\par\plain {Catherine finally spoke, her voice hesitant, breaking the fragile silence.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Say, Edward,\u8221\'94 She began, \u8220\'93Have you heard about the History of Nocturnilus the Conqueror?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Elven Emperor?\u8221\'94 Eddie asked back,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What of it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine stayed silent, then continued, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "There have been sorcerers who toppled kingdoms, enslaved millions, and committed atrocities beyond imagination."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She let that sink in before continuing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Once, he was just a spellcraftsman millenias ago\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a sorcerer in service to the Northern Elven Kingdom. The elves have always lived by magic. For us, it was a gift, a birthright, a force of creation."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her voice darkened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "But for Nocturnilus, it was never enough."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She glanced at the treetops, as if searching for memories carved into the night sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Blinded by greed, by the hunger for more, he turned his power toward conquest. He was the first sorcerer to raise a city of stone with a mere gesture\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and the first to reduce one to ash just as easily. He marched across the lands, toppling kings, razing kingdoms, and forging an empire from the ruins of others."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie swallowed, the earlier pain still pressing against his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "His armies enslaved millions, binding them with chains wrought from his own magic. He thought himself invincible."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice dropped lower, almost a whisper. "But the more he took, the more magic consumed him. It changed him. His flesh, his mind\u8230\'85 his very soul. By the end, he was no longer a man. Some say he was no longer even an elf. Just a shadow, a being twisted by his own power."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "And there was Aeron the Founder\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 One of the nine sages."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The name lingered between them like a spark in the cold night air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "He was an elf, like Nocturnilus. In fact, he once served under him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 stood at his side as a fellow conjurer, weaving spells to expand Nocturnilus\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s empire. For years, he followed orders, watching cities crumble, watching people enslaved by the very magic that was meant to enrich elven lives."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice grew firm. "But then, something changed. Aeron looked at the ruins they had left behind, at the lives shattered by conquest, and he could no longer bear it. He chose to walk away."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie frowned. "He just\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 left?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Not just left," Catherine corrected. "He rebelled. He turned against the empire he had once helped build. He traveled to the very lands he had once helped destroy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not as a conqueror, but as a healer. A teacher.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He taught magic to those who feared it, gave power to those who had none. And in the end, it was his students, his disciples, the very people Nocturnilus had enslaved, who brought the tyrant down to his knees."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie swallowed, the weight of her words settling in his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Aeron could have followed the same path," Catherine continued, "But he chose differently. He eventually founded and became one of the Nine Sages, the very founders of the magical world as we know it.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He and the others built cities where there was only wasteland, cured diseases that once ravaged nations, opened doors to possibilities no one had dared to dream of before."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s fingers twitched at his sides. His thoughts churned, Catherine\u8217\'92s words fighting against years of self-doubt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t hesitate. She placed a hand on his shoulder, firm and reassuring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not about what magic }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 can}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  do," she said. "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s about what }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  can to do with it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The weight of her words settled in his chest, pressing against the scars he had buried deep.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a moment, neither of them spoke. The night stretched quiet and still around them}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {His thoughts swirled, heavy as the night pressing in around them. The conversation lingered in his mind, every word, every confession.}
\par\plain {But it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just his own past haunting him now. It was the stories Catherine had told him\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the truth behind history.}
\par\plain {Nocturnilus, the Elven Emperor who razed nations in conquest.}
\par\plain {Aeron Consurion, the Founding Sage who shaped the magical world anew.}
\par\plain {Both had walked this very path.}
\par\plain {Both had wielded the same magic.}
\par\plain {One was a tyrant.}
\par\plain {One was a pioneer.}
\par\plain {The history books painted them in stark contrast\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 opposites in morality, in purpose. Two figures who should never have shared the same road.}
\par\plain {And yet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 they had.}
\par\plain {So what did that make him?}
\par\plain {His vision blurred at the edges. His body felt heavier, like something was pressing down on him, urging him to stop. His head pounded, a dull, rhythmic ache that made the trees around him sway slightly.}
\par\plain {His grip tightened around the rifle, but his fingers felt numb.}
\par\plain {He walked.}
\par\plain {And walked.}
\par\plain {And walked.}
\par\plain {The trees thinned, shadows giving way to the open road. And through the haze of exhaustion, he saw them.}
\par\plain {Markus stood ahead, arms crossed, his sharp eyes scanning the darkness, pacing slightly.}
\par\plain {Torrie, wrapped in her yellow knit sweater, bounced anxiously on her heels, her twin tails swaying as she strained to see down the path.}
\par\plain {His best friend.}
\par\plain {His sister.}
\par\plain {They were waiting for him.}
\par\plain {Eddie took a step toward them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {His knees buckled.}
\par\plain {The world lurched sideways. The earth tilted, a sudden, violent pull that yanked his stomach down with it.}
\par\plain {He barely registered the shouts\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s startled gasp, the panicked voices ahead\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 before the ground rose up to meet him.}
\par\plain {Darkness swallowed him whole.}}