{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie knelt beside Catherine, his fingers trembling as he shook her shoulders again. No response. She remained limp, her breathing shallow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His stomach twisted. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Damn it. She isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t waking up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 A shadow loomed over him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath stopped as he looked up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Nightingale Dragon made its way through the smoke, its monstrous form wreathed in fire. Its obsidian-black scales glistened like molten glass, reflecting the flickering embers that floated through the air. And then, through the shifting haze, Eddie saw them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Five glowing red eyes. His pulse pounded in his ears. He had shot one of those eyes. Destroyed it. But now\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ruined eye twitched.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A sickening squelch could be heard in the middle of the hearth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The shattered socket bulged, raw flesh writhing like something alive. The jagged ball of lead he had fired into it slid loose, falling to the ground with a hollow clink, discarded like a worthless pebble. Echoing through the ruins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before his very eyes, a new eye pushed its way into place\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 larger, grotesque, its veins pulsing with a deep, hellish red glow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath caught..}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 This thing\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 it regenerates.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A cold, primal fear sank its claws into his chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His gaze darted to his surroundings\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 his rifle lay in splinters, shattered beyond repair. Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s staff was broken, its elegant wood snapped in two.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They had nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His fingers curled into fists.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His thumb brushed over the smooth surface of his jade ring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His heart slowed as he realised one thing\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  He was never unarmed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie closed his eyes. Took a breath.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I was an Alchemist}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , he thought.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, he stood\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 The dragon\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 No\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  He straightened his back, shoulders squaring.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I am an Alchemist\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85 I always was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His jade ring began to glow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From his outstretched hand, a luminous transmutation circle flared to life. Radiant, intricate, lines of emerald light spiraling outward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon growled\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a deep, guttural sound like stone grinding against stone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie met its gaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His hands clenched around the metal and powder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He stepped forward.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Nightingale Dragon loomed, its jagged silhouette framed by the flickering glow of distant fires. Its five glowing eyes followed Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s every movement, but it did not strike. It was waiting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stepped forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon did not move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He took another step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His walk quickened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s massive chest expanded, its ribcage stretching outward, a deep, hollow rumble growing from within.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frost began to creep across its obsidian-black scales, and the air turned bitterly cold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s inhaling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jog turned into a sprint.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat glowed pale blue, veins of freezing energy pulsing beneath its skin.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie gritted his teeth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon reared its head back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie charged forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon roared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A howling burst of frost exploded from the creature\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s maw.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A blizzard of pure ice erupted into the ruins, freezing the stone in an instant. The ground cracked and shattered under the pressure of sudden frost, jagged spires of ice erupting from every surface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The temperature plummeted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Eddie was already moving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His hands flashed, his jade ring blazing with light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fog. Mist. Vapour.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie reached out with his Alchemy, grabbing hold of the lingering heat in the air. He twisted it, shaped it, forced it into motion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The haze around him thickened\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 white mist roiled like a living thing, swirling into a barrier before him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, as the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s icy breath struck\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The mist ignited.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wall of vapour surged upward, transforming into a protective shield of heated air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The freezing blizzard collided with the barrier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A deafening hiss filled the ruins.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ice breath, meant to turn him to frost, was instead redirected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shards of frost and spikes of ice were hurled skyward, bursting apart as the conflicting temperatures clashed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breath roared against Eddie\u8217\'92s alchemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a moment, the two forces struggled\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 cold versus heat, frost against vapour\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then, with a final violent burst, the last of the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s freezing breath was sent spiraling harmlessly into the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart pounded as he reached into his satchel. His fingers brushed against the familiar weight of metal balls and pouches of gunpowder.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Catherine had figured it out\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 The dragon\u8217\'92s weakness was fire.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His jade ring pulsed, and the transmutation circle flared back to life, glowing like molten gold across his palm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a sharp inhale, Eddie grabbed a handful of gunpowder and metal spheres, his mind racing through the process.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Metal. Powder. Ignition. Acceleration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He thrust his hand forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gunpowder ignited instantly, his Alchemy heating it in an instant. The metal balls caught fire, burning a brilliant golden-red as they were launched forward\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Fireballs}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first shot collided with the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side. The impact sent a shockwave through the air, a small explosion erupting against its scales. The heat licked across its obsidian-like hide, cracking the surface.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon roared in fury, Eddie hurled another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And another.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Each strike chipped away at its thick armor, sending fragments of darkened scale crumbling to the ground. Beneath the cracked shell, raw, glowing flesh was exposed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 scorched, vulnerable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon staggered back, its remaining five eyes flashing with pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The dragon lowered its stance, muscles tensing as if preparing to strike. Its massive claws ripped through the stone beneath it, the entire ruin shaking under its weight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie took a sharp breath. }{\f0\fs24\b0 His hands shook as he reached into his satchel. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 This is it. His final shot.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 He ripped open the remaining pouches of gunpowder, the fine black grains spilling into his palms. The last metal spheres glinted in the dim, flickering firelight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 His jade ring pulsed brighter than ever, and the air around him crackled with raw energy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The transmutation circle expanded across the ground beneath him, glowing white-hot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie thrust his hands forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The metal ignited. The powder combusted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The sky exploded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A torrent of fireballs burst into the air, like a meteor shower turned against the dragon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Fiery hailstorm rained down, striking the dragon\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s massive frame over and over. Scorching heat seared through the cracks in its scales, ripping apart its armored hide.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Nightingale Dragon roared\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a deafening, agonized cry.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It staggered back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A final, devastating explosion sent it crashing into the side of a ruined structure. The ancient stone gave way, collapsing beneath the beast\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s enormous weight.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The ruins shook. A thunderous crash rang out as the dragon was buried beneath the rubble.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For a long, breathless moment, there was only silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A gust of wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Rubble shifted. The dragon emerged, its body battered and smoldering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 It let out a low, guttural snarl, its five glowing eyes narrowing at Eddie. But it did not lunge.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Instead\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 It spread its enormous wings.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A single powerful beat sent dust and debris spiraling into the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The beast lurched backward. Slowly at first, then faster, rising higher and higher into the deep night sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Eddie shielded his eyes as the Nightingale Dragon gave one final, piercing shriek\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And then, with a final flap of its wings, it was gone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The ruins fell still.}}