{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The hallway was bathed in the golden light of late afternoon, the rhythmic sound of students\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 footsteps and distant chatter filling the air. She adjusted her grip on the stack of classical books borrowed from the library\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Balzac, Kawabata, a heavy anthology of Edo-period poetry\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 their weight familiar against her chest. The papers of student submissions for the Annual Magazine teetered precariously atop the books, threatening to slip with every step.}{ }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Are you and Haruki having a fight?" Her friend asked, adjusting her own bundle of poster supplies as they walked. "You two seem far apart these past few days."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka hesitated, her gaze dropping to the floor. "N-no, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s not like that Michiko." she murmured, though the uncertainty in her voice betrayed her. Then, softer: "Well... Maybe."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Michiko sighed. "Well," she said, shifting her load to one arm so she could nudge Honoka's shoulder, "I think you two should talk about whatever's troubling you. You're deskmates, you know? It's not exactly a good sight to see both of you looking sour all day in class earlier."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A faint smile touched Honoka's lips. Michiko had always been too observant for her own good. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Yeah," she conceded, her voice barely above a whisper. "It's my fault, really." The memory of their last conversation in the editing room rose unbidden\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the way Haruki's eyes had widened when Honoka called her\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Fujiyama-san}{\f0\fs24\b0 , the cold formality of it. She hugged the books tighter. "But you're right. I... I kind of miss talking to her."}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The words lingered in the air, heavier than she expected. She\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~miss Haruki\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her sudden bursts of laughter, the way she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d doodle in the margins of her notes, the warmth of her presence beside her in class. But the memory of their last conversation\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 of Haruki\u8217\'92s meddling, of her own tearful plea\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 still stung.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 They reached the intersection where the east wing branched toward the art rooms. Michiko hesitated, her gaze flickering between Honoka and the hallway ahead. "I'm helping with the festival posters today," she said. "Are you sure you don't need help with the editorial work?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka shook her head, the motion sending her braid swaying. "It's okay. I'm fine on my own." She forced a brighter tone, the way she always did when she didn't want to burden others. "Good luck with the posters!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Michiko studied her for a moment longer before nodding. "Don't work too hard, Honoka-chan. Good luck!" she said, and with a wave, disappeared down the bustling hallway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Alone again, Honoka exhaled, the tension in her shoulders easing just slightly. The Editorial Division room was her sanctuary\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a small, quiet space tucked away near the library, usually reserved for her alone. As she walked, the rhythmic\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 tap-tap}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~of her loafers against the floor matched the cadence of her thoughts.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 I should apologize.}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~The realization settled over her like the golden afternoon light. She had overreacted, let her own insecurities color her words. Haruki had only been trying to help, in her own clumsy way. The thought of Haruki's usual exuberance\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 how she'd light up when discussing a new idea, how she'd doodle in the margins of her notes during lectures\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 made Honoka's chest ache.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She reached the familiar oak door, its frosted glass pane bearing the faded\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Editorial Division}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~label in careful calligraphy. Balancing the books on one arm, she slid the door open\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 only to freeze on the threshold.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The Editorial Division room was a small, quiet space tucked away near the back of the school\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a sanctuary of sorts, reserved mostly for her. As she slid the door open, the familiar scent of paper and ink greeted her. The room was empty, just as she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d hoped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Setting her notebook down on the desk, she sank into the chair and exhaled slowly. The weight of the past few days pressed down on her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the confusion, the hurt, the guilt. She had been so quick to assume Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s intentions, so quick to push her away. And now\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Her fingers absently flipped open her notebook, revealing pages of half-finished poems and scribbled edits. Words had always been her refuge, but even they felt hollow now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka turned to a section where she usually recorded facts and information from her readings, but her breath caught when she saw the margins filled with Haruki's doodles. Sketches of their teachers with exaggerated features made her lips twitch - there was Mr. Tanaka with his caterpillar eyebrows stretching off the page, and stern Principal Kobayashi depicted as a grumpy badger. Between notes on classical poetry were futuristic designs she didn't recognize - sleek vehicles that looked like they belonged in a sci-fi novel, and a strange, round-eared cartoon character holding what appeared to be some sort of advanced gaming device (all things Haruki had absentmindedly drawn from her 21st century memories).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 She's really a great artist}{\f0\fs24\b0  Honoka thought, tracing a particularly detailed sketch of the school courtyard. A quiet giggle escaped her as she discovered a caricature of their physics teacher mid-sneeze, his glasses flying off his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The warmth of the memory faded as she returned to her work, her pencil hovering over an analysis of Bash\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u333\'6F's haiku. The creaking floorboard behind her barely registered as she muttered, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 "Why did he choose 'ancient pond' instead of 'old pond'? The syllable count is the same, but the feeling..."}{\f0\fs24\b0  Her pencil tapped rhythmically against the page, leaving tiny graphite dots like breadcrumbs of her concentration.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before she could sink deeper into her thoughts, the door behind her creaked open, slightly breaking her concentration. The sound of footsteps and the faint jingle of a charm bracelet broke the silence.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 "Honoka-chan!" }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a sing-songy voice called out, bright and cheerful. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There you are! I\u8217\'92ve been looking everywhere for you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The voice barely pierced her focus. Her finger continued tracing the kanji on the page as she whispered, "Maybe if I substitute 'stillness' here..."}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The girl, standing by the door with her hands on her hips, frowned when Honoka didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 "Honoka-chan!" Louder this time, tinged with frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The pencil kept moving, now scribbling possible alternatives in the margin.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aw come on!\u8221\'94 The girl groaned, \u8220\'93Are you still angry at me?\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 When no response came, The girl's mischievous grin returned. She slipped off her shoes and began tiptoeing across the wooden floor with exaggerated care, each step calculated to avoid the known squeaky boards she'd memorized from previous visits. Her shadow loomed over Honoka's hunched form as she raised her hands like a cartoon villain.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quietly, the girl tiptoed across the room, her sneakers making no sound on the wooden floor. She crept up behind Honoka, her hands poised to strike.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then, with a dramatic flourish, she clapped her hands on Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulders and shouted,}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 "BOO!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The effect was instantaneous. Honoka jolted as if electrocuted, her chair legs screeching against the floor before tipping backward in slow motion. Her arms windmilled wildly, sending papers soaring like startled birds. An open textbook sailed past Haruki's head while Honoka's prized fountain pen clattered against the far wall.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Books, parchments, loose papers exploded into the air, cascading down like confetti in a parade of overwork. Her body caught on an open book\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and she tumbled off her chair entirely, landing flat on her back with a heavy }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 thud}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 "H-haruki?!" Honoka sputtered, her glasses askew and hair now decorated with loose notes. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that for?!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki burst into laughter, doubling over as Honoka scowled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You should\u8217\'92ve seen your face!\u8221\'94 she wheezed, clutching her stomach. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka's cheeks puffed up in indignation, her brows knitting together as she adjusted her glasses with exaggerated precision. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "This girl is impossible to deal with," she grumbled under her breath, crossing her arms tightly. But as she watched Haruki - her shoulders shaking with mirth, tears of laughter glistening at the corners of her eyes, that familiar unruly lock of hair bouncing with each guffaw - something in Honoka's stern expression began to waver.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 A tiny snort escaped Honoka's nose despite herself. She immediately clapped a hand over her mouth, but it was too late. Haruki's laughter redoubled at the sound, and soon Honoka found her own shoulders shaking. The giggles bubbled up uncontrollably, her proper posture crumbling as she collapsed forward, her forehead nearly touching her knees.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "You - you looked like a startled cat!" Haruki managed between gasps, miming puffed-up fur with her hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 "Oh shut up!" Honoka shot back, but there was no heat in it - just breathless amusement as she wiped at her own tears. The papers still scattered around them bore witness to their chaos, some drifting lazily in the air currents from the open window.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Their laughter gradually subsided into comfortable silence, punctuated only by occasional residual giggles. Haruki flopped down onto the floor beside Honoka, their shoulders brushing as they both caught their breath. The late afternoon sun streamed through the window, painting everything in golden hues and stretching their shadows across the paper-strewn floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For the first time in days, the air between them felt light again.}}