{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie, Will, and Ashley pressed forward, their determination unwavering even as they faced the full force of Walt's dark magic. But with each passing moment, their efforts seemed to falter, their spells growing weaker and less effective against their formidable opponent.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As the battle raged on, Walt's dark energy crackled around him, his eyes alight with malicious intent. He watched with a cruel smirk as Ashley sneered and laughed, plunging her staff toward him with all her might. But to her shock and horror, nothing happened.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley's laughter turned to disbelief as she tried again, channeling her magic through her staff with all her strength. But still, nothing. It was as if her magical abilities had been completely drained, leaving her powerless against the dark magician before her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Beside her, Will strummed his guitar with frantic desperation, hoping to summon the power of his music to aid in their fight. But like Ashley, his efforts proved futile, the strings producing no sound, no magic.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie's heart sank as he watched his friends struggle against Walt's dark magic. He knew they were in trouble, knew that they were no match for their formidable opponent without their magical abilities.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 And then, with a flick of his wrist, Walt unleashed his signature spell, a shockwave of dark energy that sent Eddie, Will, and Ashley hurtling backward toward the walls of the fortress. They crashed against the stone with a resounding thud, their bodies bruised and battered, their spirits broken.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As they struggled to their feet, their minds reeling from the shock of their defeat, they looked out at the captives who watched them with wide eyes. They had failed. Failed to protect their friends, failed to defeat the dark magician who threatened everything they held dear.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But even in their moment of defeat, Eddie, Will, and Ashley refused to give up hope. They may have lost this battle, but they knew that the fight was far from over. With a renewed sense of determination burning in their hearts, they vowed to regroup, to gather their strength, and to rise once more against the forces of darkness that threatened to consume them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie, Will, and Ashley lay on the cold, stone floor, their bodies aching and their spirits nearly broken. The captives watched in silent horror, their hopes dwindling as Walt's dark presence loomed over them. Eddie's mind raced as he dug through his satchel, desperately searching for something, anything that could turn the tide.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 His fingers brushed against a familiar piece of parchment, and he pulled it out, recognizing it immediately. It was a light rune, a relic from their studies, often underestimated but incredibly potent in the right hands. With a deep breath, Eddie focused all his remaining energy and activated the rune.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A blinding flash of light erupted from the parchment, filling the room with a searing brilliance. Walt cried out in surprise, his dark magic faltering as he shielded his eyes from the sudden glare. Seizing the moment, Eddie reached deeper into his satchel, retrieving another rune\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 one of their final projects: the summoning rune.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With a swift motion, Eddie activated the summoning rune. A burst of radiant energy materialized into a pixie, its wings shimmering with a bright, ethereal light. The pixie hovered in the air, exuding an aura of pure magic that began to rejuvenate the exhausted trio.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will felt a surge of power flow through him, the pixie's magic resonating with his own. He grabbed his guitar and strummed a powerful chord, channeling the energy into Ashley. The melody reverberated through the room, intertwining with the pixie's magic and igniting Ashley's latent power.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley, her strength renewed, stood up and faced Walt, who was still reeling from the blinding light. With determination in her eyes, she raised her battle staff, the pixie's magic coursing through her veins. The staff glowed with an intense light as she advanced on Walt, each step radiating confidence and resolve.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Walt, regaining his senses, tried to muster another spell, but Ashley was faster. She channeled the combined magic of the pixie and Will's music, and with a final, decisive strike, she brought her staff down upon Walt. The impact was explosive, a brilliant burst of light and energy that engulfed the dark magician.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Walt let out a final, anguished cry as the light consumed him, his dark magic dissipating into nothingness. The room fell silent, the oppressive atmosphere lifted as the remnants of Walt's power faded away.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie, Will, and Ashley stood victorious, their bodies battered but their spirits triumphant. The captives erupted into cheers, their fear replaced with relief and gratitude. Eddie turned to his friends, a weary but proud smile on his face.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "We did it," he said, his voice filled with both exhaustion and elation.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Ashley nodded, her grip on the staff tightening as she looked around at their rescued friends. "We couldn't have done it without each other."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will, his guitar still humming with residual energy, grinned. "And a little help from our pixie friend."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 As the pixie fluttered around them, casting a warm, gentle light, the trio knew that their bond had been strengthened through the trial. They had faced the darkness together and emerged victorious, ready to face whatever challenges lay ahead.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The dissipating smoke revealed a scene of weary triumph, the air thick with the aftereffects of the battle. Eddie, Will, and Ashley sat slumped against the wall, their bodies screaming in protest but a sense of victory flickering in their eyes. As the cheers of the rescued captives echoed through the room, the heavy footsteps of Henry, Christine, and Geralt entering the chamber felt like a jarring intrusion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Will, ever the optimist, tried to lighten the mood. "Took you guys long enough," he rasped, a weak smile playing on his lips. But his attempt at humor fell flat. The trio who had just entered looked like they had seen a ghost.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Henry, usually brimming with witty remarks, stood speechless, his eyes scanning the room with a frantic urgency. Christine's face, usually composed and resolute, was now etched with a chilling dread, her lips pressed into a thin, white line. Even Geralt, the stoic witcher, seemed shaken, his gaze fixed on a crumpled form lying motionless against the far wall.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The joyous atmosphere evaporated, replaced by a suffocating silence. A cold dread seeped into Eddie's bones as he followed Geralt's gaze. His heart plummeted as he realized who lay lifeless on the cold stone floor \endash  Walt. But it wasn't the sight of their defeated enemy that sent shivers down his spine. It was the realization that dawned on him with horrifying clarity.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "What's wrong?" Eddie managed to force the question past his parched throat, already dreading the answer.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Christine turned to him, her voice barely a whisper. "It's Lord Raven," she choked out, her eyes filled with a terror that mirrored Eddie's own growing fear. "He's here."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The stillness of the Archaea Undercity was broken by the clatter of iron-shod hooves on cobblestone as a horse-drawn carriage, drawn by two massive black stallions, approached the fortress entrance. The carriage itself was an imposing sight, its dark, polished wood adorned with intricate carvings and sinister symbols that seemed to writhe in the dim light.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The carriage came to a halt, and two hooded cultists, their faces hidden in shadow, knelt before the wagon door. The air grew colder, a palpable sense of dread settling over the area as the door slowly creaked open.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 From within the carriage, a hulking figure emerged, standing an awe-inspiring four meters tall. His presence was a dark silhouette against the gas-lit fog. He wore a raven mask, its elongated beak and dark feathers giving him an avian yet menacing appearance. His cloak, made of black feathers, rustled softly with each movement, and his iron boots clanked ominously against the stone floor.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The hooded cultists remained kneeling, their heads bowed in reverence and fear. One of them spoke, his voice trembling slightly. "My lord, the proceedings are ready to begin."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lord Raven stood still for a moment, surveying the scene with an air of detached authority. When he spoke, his voice was muffled by the mask but carried an undeniable power that sent shivers through all who heard it. "Good," he said, his tone commanding. "Then let us proceed."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The cultist hesitated before continuing, clearly uneasy about delivering bad news. "But I'm afraid, my lord, there are some disturbances with the sacrifices. There are disturbances in the cellar."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Lord Raven's head turned slowly towards the fortress, the beak of his mask pointing directly at the imposing structure. The movement was deliberate and unnervingly slow, adding to the aura of dread that surrounded him. "Oh?" he mused, his voice a chilling mix of curiosity and menace. "Then let's clear up the disturbances. I don't want to miss the blood moon for the ritual."}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 "Very well, my lord," the cultist replied, his voice barely above a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 With a sense of impending doom hanging in the air, Lord Raven began to walk forward. Each step of his iron-clad boots against the stone floor echoed through the alleyways, a foreboding rhythm that matched the pounding hearts of those within the fortress.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0}