{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The inn was warm, filled with the low hum of laughter and clinking mugs, a sharp contrast to the storm raging outside. The hearth crackled, sending flickers of light dancing across the wooden beams, but for Eddie, the warmth was suffocating. He sat slumped in the chair, drenched from head to toe, water pooling beneath him. His hair clung to his forehead, and his clothes felt like lead against his bruised and battered skin. He barely noticed the curious stares of the inn's patrons, their murmurs blending into the dull roar in his mind.}
\par\plain {Will and Ashley sat beside him, no better off. Will\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s usual carefree demeanor was gone; his eyes, shadowed with exhaustion, stared blankly at the table. Ashley fidgeted with her damp sleeves, her staff resting against her chair, her lips pressed into a thin line. None of them had spoken since Catherine ushered them inside.}
\par\plain {Catherine, perched on the chair across from them, was unbothered by the stares or the gloom radiating from the trio. She leaned back slightly, her red coat hanging off her shoulders, her apple-red hair catching the light. Despite the gravity of the situation, she still managed a faint smirk, trying to bring some levity into the room.}
\par\plain {Her bright red coat and sharp features made her stand out even among the colorful inn patrons, but her easy demeanor somehow blended into the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s warmth. She tapped a finger lightly on the wooden table, leaning forward with an attempt at levity.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 she began, her tone playful, \u8220\'93This is the most cheerful company I\u8217\'92ve had in decades. Honestly, Eddie, you\u8217\'92ve always been a barrel of laughs, but this? This is }{\f0\fs24\i1 new}{.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Her words fell flat. Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t flinch, his expression unchanging. Will shifted slightly in his seat, but the faintest twitch at the corner of his mouth didn\u8217\'92t develop further. Even Ashley, who might have offered a polite smile, seemed too burdened by the events to respond. Catherine sighed theatrically, throwing up her hands.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really? Nothing? Not even a chuckle? Tough crowd,\u8221\'94 she muttered, leaning back in her chair and crossing her arms. \u8220\'93Alright then, I\u8217\'92ll skip the pleasantries. Someone better tell me what\u8217\'92s got the three of you looking like ghosts.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The silence lingered for a moment before Ashley finally spoke, her voice quiet but steady. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were visiting a friend\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Madeleine,\u8221\'94 she explained, staring down at the table. \u8220\'93But... she was taken. Kidnapped.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes sharpened, her playful demeanor fading. \u8220\'93By who?\u8221\'94 she asked, her tone low and serious.}
\par\plain {Ashley hesitated, searching for the right words. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They were in black cloaks. Hooded. There were three of them. Two of them attacked us, and... they overpowered us.\u8221\'94 Her hands clenched into fists as she spoke, her frustration evident. \u8220\'93They called Madeleine by name. It wasn\u8217\'92t random. They were after her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow furrowed as she leaned in closer. \u8220\'93Did they say anything about why? Or who they are?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, but... there\u8217\'92s this.\u8221\'94 She reached into her bag, pulling out a small silver necklace and placing it on the table. The pendant was unmistakable: a grim skull resting in an outstretched hand. \u8220\'93One of them\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the woman\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had it on her. When she attacked me with her dagger, I managed to grab this before... before it all went wrong.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine turned the pendant over in her hand, her sharp gaze analyzing every detail. The faint flicker of lamplight danced across the grim sigil: a skull cradled in a skeletal hand. Her brows furrowed, and a heavy silence hung in the air as she seemed to weigh her thoughts carefully. Finally, she exhaled, setting the pendant down on the table with an audible }{\f0\fs24\i1 clink}{.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This,\u8221\'94 she began, her voice low and grave, \u8220\'93isn\u8217\'92t just any insignia. This is the mark of the Black Hand.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley tilted her head, puzzled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Black Hand? Who are they?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine leaned back, her fingers interlocking as she regarded the three of them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re an underground organization\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 centuries old, possibly older. Assassins, spies, mercenaries... whatever you want to call them, they\u8217\'92ve been pulling strings from the shadows for longer than most can remember.\u8221\'94 Her voice softened, her tone heavy with the weight of her words. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve crossed paths with them a few centuries ago. Trust me, they\u8217\'92re not the sort you want to make enemies of.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will straightened in his seat, concern flashing across his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How bad are we talking?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine gave him a pointed look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The kind of bad that means they don\u8217\'92t leave loose ends. Their operatives are trained from a young age to be precise, efficient, and utterly ruthless. They don\u8217\'92t fail their missions. If you\u8217\'92re lucky, you never even see them coming.\u8221\'94 She tapped the pendant with her fingertip. \u8220\'93This? This isn\u8217\'92t just a necklace. It\u8217\'92s proof of their presence\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a rare slip-up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley swallowed hard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So... we\u8217\'92re dealing with assassins? That\u8217\'92s who took Madeleine?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine nodded solemnly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If this sigil is involved, yes. And the fact that you three managed to survive an encounter with them...\u8221\'94 She paused, her expression a mix of disbelief and admiration. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s no small feat. Not many in my very long existence can say they\u8217\'92ve faced the Black Hand and lived to tell the tale.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie, who had been silent up to this point, finally raised his head. His eyes were still bloodshot, his voice rough. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why didn\u8217\'92t they kill us? They had the chance. Walther...\u8221\'94 His voice broke slightly, but he pushed through. \u8220\'93He could\u8217\'92ve finished me off. Why didn\u8217\'92t he?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine tilted her head, her sharp mind visibly turning over the question. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That, I can\u8217\'92t say for sure. But if I had to guess? They didn\u8217\'92t see you as a threat\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not yet, anyway.\u8221\'94 She shot Eddie a meaningful look. \u8220\'93Or maybe Walther had his reasons for sparing you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will frowned, leaning forward. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Madeleine... why her? What could they possibly want with her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips pressed into a thin line. \u8220\'93The Black Hand doesn\u8217\'92t take people on a whim. If they\u8217\'92ve gone through the trouble of abducting Madeleine, then she\u8217\'92s part of something much larger. Something that\u8217\'92s likely been in motion for a long time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands clenched into fists. \u8220\'93So what do we do? How do we stop them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze softened as she looked at the three of them. \u8220\'93First, we thank whatever gods and goddesses you believe that you managed to snag this.\u8221\'94 She gestured to the pendant. \u8220\'93Whoever attacked you was likely a rookie. A veteran operative wouldn\u8217\'92t have let you anywhere near something like this. The fact that you\u8217\'92re alive and still have this pendant is nothing short of a miracle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {She leaned forward, her expression darkening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Second, we tread carefully. The Black Hand doesn\u8217\'92t take kindly to interference, and now that you\u8217\'92ve disrupted their plans, you can bet they\u8217\'92ll be watching.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hands trembled slightly as he stared at the pendant on the table. His voice was low, but there was a hard edge to it. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care how dangerous they are. I\u8217\'92m going to find Madeleine, Where would they take her?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine, sitting with an uncharacteristically serious expression, looked down at the pendant in her hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did they leave any clues? Anything at all?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie paused, the rain-drenched events replaying in his mind. His jaw clenched as he tried to recall every detail. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They... they said something. Walther told them to leave me behind because \u8216\'91the boy will come for her.\u8217\'92 And then he said...\u8221\'94 Eddie hesitated, the memory sharp and bitter. \u8220\'93He said \u8216\'91Lord Raven will be pleased.\u8217\'92\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The air in the room seemed to shift. Catherine, who had faced magical beasts and survived countless dangers in her long life, visibly stiffened. Her usual humor and ease dissolved, replaced by an uncharacteristic tension. Her grip on the pendant tightened, and for a moment, she said nothing, her face pale.}
\par\plain {Eddie frowned, noticing her reaction. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine? What is it? Why are you acting like this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Even Will and Ashley, who had been quiet, looked at her with concern. Catherine, the unflappable Master Alchemist, was visibly unnerved.}
\par\plain {Finally, she let out a slow, deliberate breath, her voice low. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lord Raven...\u8221\'94 she began, her words laced with dread. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s not just anyone. He\u8217\'92s the right hand of the Black Hand, their enforcer. If he\u8217\'92s involved, this isn\u8217\'92t just some rogue faction or a simple kidnapping.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brow furrowed. \u8220\'93Why? What makes him so terrifying? You\u8217\'92ve faced dragons, ancient magic, everything. What\u8217\'92s different about him?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine hesitated, her eyes darting to the pendant again, as though it held the answers she sought. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lord Raven isn\u8217\'92t just a name, Eddie. He\u8217\'92s a title\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mantle passed down through generations of the Black Hand. Each Lord Raven is chosen for their absolute loyalty and unparalleled skill. The current one...\u8221\'94 She trailed off, her voice dropping to a near whisper. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s the one who orchestrated the Regicide.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93The Regicide? You mean the downfall of the Edenfield Monarch?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine nodded grimly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was more than a downfall. The Edenfield royal family was wiped out in a single night\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 every heir, every cousin, every branch of the bloodline. All of it orchestrated by the Black Hand, with Lord Raven leading the charge. He didn\u8217\'92t just plan it; he carried out much of it himself. No one survived.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank, a chill running through him. \u8220\'93But... why would someone like that want Madeleine? What could she possibly have to do with this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine shook her head, her expression unreadable. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s the question, isn\u8217\'92t it? If the Black Hand and Lord Raven are involved, it means Madeleine is tied to something far larger than you realize. Something they\u8217\'92ve been planning for a long time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie leaned forward, his voice sharper now, tinged with desperation. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Catherine, you must have an idea. Where would they take her? You\u8217\'92ve dealt with them before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine, still holding the pendant, sighed heavily. She sat back in her chair, her eyes distant, as if reaching into memories she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d rather forget. \u8220\'93If Lord Raven is involved, and if they\u8217\'92ve taken her, there\u8217\'92s only one place they\u8217\'92d go,\u8221\'94 she said grimly. \u8220\'93The Underground City beneath the Citadel of Archaea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie frowned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Underground City? What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not a place most people even know exists,\u8221\'94 Catherine explained. \u8220\'93The Citadel of Archaea is the heart of Solivia\u8217\'92s capital, the seat of its government, and the symbol of its might. But beneath it lies a buried remnant of the original citadel, the parts that were left behind when the new one was built. Over centuries, that forgotten ruin became a city of its own.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley furrowed her brow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A city underground? Who lives there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Criminals,\u8221\'94 Catherine said bluntly. \u8220\'93Gangs, thieves, assassins. Every type of outlaw imaginable. It\u8217\'92s a haven for those who don\u8217\'92t want to live under Solivia\u8217\'92s laws. The Solivian Police and Army barely touch it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it\u8217\'92s too vast, too lawless, and they don\u8217\'92t have the resources to enforce order down there. So, they\u8217\'92ve left it to the criminals.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will, still pale and shaken, leaned forward. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And you\u8217\'92re saying the Black Hand... their headquarters is there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If they\u8217\'92re carrying out an operation under Lord Raven\u8217\'92s direct orders, that\u8217\'92s where they\u8217\'92ll take her. The Underground City is a labyrinth, and the Black Hand\u8217\'92s headquarters is at its core. It\u8217\'92s the one place no outsider dares to go.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice broke through the tension. \u8220\'93Maybe we should report this to the police. If the Black Hand is as dangerous as you say, shouldn\u8217\'92t the authorities handle it? The army, or\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine cut her off with a sharp laugh, though there was no humor in it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t understand, my dear. The police? The army? They fear the Black Hand. Reporting this would be a waste of time. It\u8217\'92d sit on a dusty backlog in their office until it\u8217\'92s forgotten\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 if it isn\u8217\'92t already. The Underground is a no-go zone for them. No one enforces laws there. No one dares.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley frowned, disbelief plain on her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then what do we do? Just let them get away with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice rang out with a quiet resolve. \u8220\'93We go there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The room fell silent. Will and Ashley stared at Eddie as though he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d lost his mind. Even Catherine paused, her sharp eyes narrowing as she studied him.}
\par\plain {Will finally broke the silence. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie, mate, are you serious? Do you even hear yourself? This isn\u8217\'92t just sneaking out to grab a midnight snack. You\u8217\'92re talking about walking into a city full of killers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley crossed her arms, her voice rising. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right! You don\u8217\'92t even know where to start. How could you possibly think this is a good idea?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t waver. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care how dangerous it is. Madeleine is down there. I\u8217\'92m going, whether you like it or not.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine sighed deeply, rubbing her temples as if a headache had just arrived. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie, listen to me. I understand your anger, your determination. But the Underground isn\u8217\'92t like anything you\u8217\'92ve faced before. It\u8217\'92s chaos. A world of its own. You can\u8217\'92t just walk in there and demand answers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then guide us,\u8221\'94 Eddie said, his voice firm. \u8220\'93You said you\u8217\'92ve been there before. Help us get through it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine blinked, startled by his boldness. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was a long time ago, I need you to understand something: I\u8217\'92ve been to the Underground before. Back during the old king\u8217\'92s rule, I was sent there with a party of paladins when the crown still foolishly believed it could bring order to that cesspool.\u8221\'94 Her voice turned cold, distant. \u8220\'93We barely made it out alive, and that was with trained warriors at my side. The king gave up on the Underground for a reason.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But you\u8217\'92ve been there,\u8221\'94 Eddie pressed. \u8220\'93You know the way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine hesitated. She looked at him, her sharp gaze softening with something close to understanding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re as stubborn as your father was,\u8221\'94 she muttered. \u8220\'93I suppose there\u8217\'92s no talking you out of this, is there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t flinch. \u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine exhaled, a long and weary sound. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fine. I\u8217\'92ll take you. But you need to understand\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 there are parts of the Underground even I can\u8217\'92t go to. Especially now. Elves aren\u8217\'92t exactly welcome down there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94 Ashley asked.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The people down there don\u8217\'92t just hate authority\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 they hate outsiders, especially Elves. They see us as symbols of oppression, relics of the Empire that once enslaved their ancestors. There are places where my presence would make things worse for all of us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will raised a skeptical brow. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait, you\u8217\'92re actually agreeing to this? Just like that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, I am.\u8221\'94 Catherine\u8217\'92s gaze flicked between the three of them, her expression unreadable. Then, a sly smile crept across her face. \u8220\'93But if I do this, I want something in return.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The room fell silent. Eddie frowned, suspicion flaring. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What do you mean? What do you want?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, nothing too dramatic,\u8221\'94 Catherine said airily, but her tone carried a strange weight, a sense of purpose that made all three of them uneasy. \u8220\'93Just a favor. Something I\u8217\'92ll collect later.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Will narrowed his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s... ominous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Ashley leaned forward, her voice cautious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What kind of favor?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Catherine smiled, leaning back in her chair and twirling the pendant between her fingers. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry your pretty little heads about it. You\u8217\'92ll find out when the time comes.\u8221\'94 Her sharp teeth flashed in a grin that didn\u8217\'92t quite reach her eyes. \u8220\'93Do we have a deal?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie hesitated but then nodded firmly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good,\u8221\'94 Catherine said, her voice light but her smile mysterious. \u8220\'93Then let\u8217\'92s prepare to descend into the shadows. You\u8217\'92ll need all the help you can get.\u8221\'94 }}