{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The heavy steel door clicked shut behind them, plunging them into a wall of oppressive noise and stifling, humid air.}
\par\plain {The room was a cavern of cages.}
\par\plain {They were stacked from the damp concrete floor to the pipe-strewn ceiling, creating narrow, claustrophobic corridors. The air, thick with the musky stench of uncleaned enclosures and something sharp and chemical beneath it, was filled with a chaotic symphony of suffering. Hissing, screeching, guttural growls, and the desperate scrabbling of claws on metal echoed from every direction, so loud it was hard to think. The light was dim, coming from bare, flickering bulbs that cast long, dancing shadows, making it impossible to tell what lurked in the deeper recesses of the cages.}
\par\plain {Most of the creatures were unlike anything Eddie had ever seen in a textbook. A cat-sized lizard with iridescent, feathery wings beat itself against the bars of its cage. A creature that looked like a tangle of roots with dozens of glittering black eyes coiled in a corner. The sheer wrongness of the place, a hidden menagerie of twisted and terrified life, was staggering.}
\par\plain {Ashley let out a soft, horrified gasp, her eyes wide with pity and disgust. "My God... what is all this?"}
\par\plain {Eddie ignored her, his adrenaline overriding the sensory assault. He grabbed Will's arm, his voice a harsh whisper that was nearly swallowed by the cacophony. "Which way did they go?"}
\par\plain {Will, looking pale but focused, pointed down a long, narrow hallway formed by two towering rows of cages. "Down there. They disappeared around the corner at the end. They didn't even look back."}
\par\plain {"Then we don't either," Eddie said, his expression grim. "Stay quiet. Stay low."}
\par\plain {He took the lead, moving with a practiced stealthiness, his feet making no sound on the grimy floor. Ashley followed, her staff held tight, trying her best not to look at the pleading, monstrous eyes that tracked them from the cages. Will brought up the rear, constantly glancing behind them, ensuring they weren't being followed.}
\par\plain {They moved like ghosts through the maze of suffering. A large, ape-like creature with shadowy fur slammed a fist against its cage as they passed, the loud }{\f0\fs24\i1 CLANG}{ making them all freeze in place. They stood motionless for a full ten seconds, listening. Hearing nothing but the continued animalistic din, they pressed on.}
\par\plain {Halfway down the hall, Eddie stopped dead. In a small cage at eye level sat a pathetic creature\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a mangy fox with the legs of a spider grafted crudely onto its torso. It whimpered softly, a failed experiment cast aside. The sight of it, so close to the chimaera from his sketches, filled Eddie with a cold, righteous fury. This wasn't just a black market. It was a laboratory.}
\par\plain {Will held up a hand, stopping them just before the corner. He peeked around it cautiously before pulling back. "There's a door at the end of this next stretch," he whispered, his eyes dark with tension. "A heavy one. There is a sound is coming from in there."}
\par\plain {Moving as one, they crept down the final stretch of the corridor. The air was thick with humidity and the smell of ozone, mingling with the musky scent of the caged creatures.}
\par\plain {As they neared the end, the voices became clearer. They could distinguish the low, authoritative rumble of Professor Hudson's, deferential tones of the young clerk from the shop front. They were on the other side of the door, their conversation muffled but a constant, menacing reminder of the danger.}
\par\plain {The trio flattened themselves into a recess in the damp brick wall, right beside the source of the sound. The door was a solid slab of dark, rust-pitted steel, flush with the wall. Ashley ran a hand over its surface, searching for a seam or a lock.}
\par\plain {"There's nothing," she breathed, barely a whisper. "No handle, no keyhole... I can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t pick this lock."}
\par\plain {Will examined the edges, his street-smarts looking for a physical mechanism. "She's right. It's completely smooth. It must be bolted from the inside."}
\par\plain {"It's a one-way door," Eddie said, his voice grim as the realization dawned. He looked at the impenetrable slab of metal, then back at his friends, his expression hardening with resolve. "So we'll have to make our own way in."}
\par\plain {While Will kept a nervous watch on the corridor behind them and Ashley stood guard with her staff, Eddie stepped up to the door. This was a job only he could do. He placed both palms flat against the cold steel, closing his eyes in concentration. He wasn't looking for a lock; he was feeling for the bolts. Four of them. Thick, heavy, and sunk deep within the door's internal mechanism.}
\par\plain {"I have to corrode them from the outside," he murmured, his focus absolute. "Without making a sound. If I push too hard, the metal could screech when it gives way."}
\par\plain {A sharp, thin transmutation circle of green light materialized on the door's surface, connecting his hands. Unlike his failed attempt on the enchanted lock outside, this door felt mundane, just brutally thick. The green light intensified, humming with contained power. He directed all his energy toward the top-right corner, where he'd felt the first bolt. The steel began to glow a faint cherry-red around the edges of the circle as its molecular structure started to break down.}
\par\plain {The green light of Eddie's alchemy pulsed against the steel door, a silent, desperate battle against the thick metal. His face was slick with sweat, his jaw clenched in concentration. The air around the door grew warm, smelling of ozone and hot iron.}
\par\plain {"It's working," he gritted out, "but it's slow."}
\par\plain {A low, groaning sound began to emanate from the door, a deep metallic creak like a ship's hull under immense pressure. It was almost lost in the cacophony of the caged creatures, but to the trio, it was as loud as a scream.}
\par\plain {"Eddie, easy," Ashley whispered, her eyes wide, "That noise..."}
\par\plain {"I'm trying," he hissed back, "The bolts are thicker than they look."}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {On the other side of the door, the environment was starkly different. The corridor was clean, sterile, and brightly lit with fluorescent tubes that hummed overhead. Professor Gareth Hudson walked along a row of clean, reinforced enclosures, his polished shoes clicking on the white-tiled floor. One of his fatigue-jacketed men followed a few paces behind.}
\par\plain {"The venom potency in this }{\f0\fs24\i1 Naga}{ specimen is remarkable," Hudson mused, tapping a finger on a data slate attached to a large, glass-fronted terrarium. Inside, a serpent with scales like iridescent jewels watched him with unblinking, intelligent eyes. "Far superior to the last batch. Ensure its diet remains unchanged."}
\par\plain {He moved to the next enclosure, which held a creature resembling a large civet, but with shimmering, almost invisible fur. "And this }{\f0\fs24\i1 one}{... its phasing ability is still unstable. We need to isolate the protein responsible. The military applications are too significant to ignore."}
\par\plain {He paused, his head tilting slightly. "Did you hear that?"}
\par\plain {The clerk stopped. "Hear what, sir? Just the animals in the back."}
\par\plain {"No," Hudson said, his academic tone vanishing, replaced by sharp-edged command. "That was different. A structural groan."}
\par\plain {The groaning from the door grew louder. A high-pitched }{\f0\fs24\i1 screech}{ of tortured metal made them all flinch. Eddie was putting every ounce of his energy into the final bolt.}
\par\plain {Will, who had his ear pressed against the cold steel, suddenly went rigid. His eyes flew open, wide with panic.}
\par\plain {"Eddie! He heard it! He's coming!" he hissed, his voice cracking with urgency. "I hear footsteps! He's coming to check the corridor!"}
\par\plain {Panic seized Eddie. He had one bolt left. There was no time for finesse. He shoved a final, desperate wave of alchemical energy into the door. The green light flared violently.}
\par\plain {Hudson strode purposefully down the sterile white hallway, his expression a mask of stern suspicion. "Stay here. I'll check the service corridor myself," he ordered his man.}
\par\plain {His footsteps were brisk and measured as he approached the heavy steel door at the end of the hall\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the very door the trio was fighting to open.}
\par\plain {Professor Hudson rounded the corner into the grimy, cacophonous back-room corridor. He stopped, his sharp eyes scanning every detail. The rows of cages. The dripping pipes. The closed steel door. Everything looked exactly as it should.}
\par\plain {He walked up to the service door and placed a hand on it. It was warm. Warmer than it should be. He narrowed his eyes, a flicker of deep suspicion crossing his face. But the corridor was empty. After a moment, he turned, his mind already moving on to other, more pressing security concerns.}
\par\plain {On the other side of the door, Eddie, Will, and Ashley stood with their backs pressed against the cold steel, hearts hammering in their chests, trying not to make a sound. They were in. }
\par\plain 
\par\plain {-o-}
\par\plain 
\par\plain }