{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The boys stopped and parked their motorcycles a short distance from the school, careful to follow the rules\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 students weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t allowed to ride motorcycles directly onto school grounds. Nagano parked his bike alongside the others, and they all dismounted, slinging their bags over their shoulders as they began walking toward the school.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki trailed behind them, her eyes scanning the familiar yet unfamiliar surroundings. The school building stood tall and imposing, its traditional architecture a stark contrast to the modern structure she knew. The walls were made of wood and plaster, their surfaces weathered but well-maintained. The windows were framed with brass, their panes gleaming in the morning light.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As they entered the school complex, Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank. The layout was the same, but so much was different. The club room where she used to host the Arts Club\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 her sanctuary\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 wasn\u8217\'92t there. In her time, it had been on the floor above the gymnasium, but now that space was empty, just a blank wall where the door should have been. She supposed it hadn\u8217\'92t been built yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The group moved through the courtyard, their footsteps echoing on the cobblestone path. Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted around, taking in every detail. The school grounds were immaculate, the gardens neatly trimmed and the pathways spotless. It was a far cry from the slightly worn, modernized version she was used to.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As they stepped inside the school building, the differences became even more apparent. The floors were made of polished wood, their surfaces gleaming and squeaky clean. The walls were lined with brass fixtures, their surfaces gleaming in the light streaming through the windows. The air smelled of wood polish and fresh paper, a far cry from the faint scent of plastic and metal that permeated her school in the present.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s footsteps echoed softly as she followed the group down the hallway. The classrooms were arranged in the same order she remembered, but the doors were made of solid wood, their surfaces carved with intricate designs. The students milling about wore uniforms similar to hers, but the fabrics were heavier, the styles more traditional.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano glanced back at her, his grin wide and carefree. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First day jitters?\u8221\'94 he asked, his tone teasing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki forced a smile, though her mind was still reeling. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something like that,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He laughed, slinging his bag over his shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, you\u8217\'92ll get used to it. Fukumitsu\u8217\'92s a great school.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki nodded, though her thoughts were elsewhere. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how she was going to navigate this strange, unfamiliar version of her school. But one thing was clear: she couldn\u8217\'92t let herself get overwhelmed. She had to keep moving forward, no matter how surreal it all felt.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As they reached the staircase, Nagano turned to her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What class are you in?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki hesitated, her mind racing. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how the class system worked in this time, but she had to say something. \u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85 Class 1A,\u8221\'94 she said, hoping it was the right answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grin widened. \u8220\'93No way! That\u8217\'92s my class too. C\u8217\'92mon, I\u8217\'92ll show you the way.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki followed him, her heart still racing from the surreal experience of being in this unfamiliar version of her school. But before they could take more than a few steps, a gruff voice stopped them in their tracks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold it right there!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They froze, turning slowly to see a large man in a suit standing behind them. He carried a thick wooden ruler in one hand, his expression stern and unyielding. Nagano leaned over to Haruki and whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s Mr. Genzo, the math teacher. He\u8217\'92s super strict. Don\u8217\'92t move.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Genzo stepped forward, his eyes narrowing as he surveyed the group. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re all three minutes late,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice sharp and cutting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Three minutes?!}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~Haruki thought to herself, her stomach tightening. In her time, being 15 minutes late was considered tardy, but here, even a few minutes were enough to draw his wrath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Genzo began circling the group, his wooden ruler tapping ominously against his palm. He inspected each student\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s uniform with a critical eye, and every time he spotted a discrepancy\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 no matter how small\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 he didn\u8217\'92t hesitate to strike. He hit Nagano on the arm for having sleeves that were too long. He smacked Sakura\u8217\'92s leg for her skirt being too short. The others weren\u8217\'92t spared either, each receiving a sharp rap for minor infractions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart pounded as Mr. Genzo approached her. She had heard stories from her teachers about how strict and brutal educators were in the past, but hearing about it was nothing compared to experiencing it firsthand. She stood stiffly, her hands clenched at her sides, as he stopped in front of her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, who is this?\u8221\'94 Mr. Genzo said, his tone dripping with suspicion. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never seen you before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki opened her mouth to respond, but no words came out. Her mind raced, trying to come up with an explanation, but before she could say anything, Nagano stepped forward.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s a new student, sir,\u8221\'94 he said quickly, his voice steady despite the tension in the air. \u8220\'93I heard there\u8217\'92s a new transfer student starting today. This must be her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Genzo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed, and he studied Haruki closely. For a moment, it seemed like he didn\u8217\'92t believe Nagano\u8217\'92s story. He turned to one of the teachers standing nearby and whispered something to them. The teacher nodded and hurried off, presumably to check the records.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Genzo turned back to Haruki, his expression softening slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m terribly sorry, Mrs. Fujiyama,\u8221\'94 he said, his tone now polite and almost apologetic. \u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t know you were the new student. Please follow Mrs. Azuki to your classroom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki blinked, stunned by the sudden change in his demeanor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93T-thank you,\u8221\'94 she muttered, her voice barely above a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Genzo nodded, then turned to Nagano and the others, his stern expression returning. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As for you lot,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice sharp, \u8220\'93to the principal\u8217\'92s office. Now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano and his friends exchanged resigned glances but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t argue. They turned and walked away, their shoulders slumped as they headed toward the principal\u8217\'92s office.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki watched them go, her heart aching with guilt. Nagano had stood up for her, and now he was paying the price. She wanted to say something, to thank him or apologize, but before she could, Mrs. Azuki\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a kind-looking woman with glasses\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 gestured for her to follow.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This way, dear,\u8221\'94 Mrs. Azuki said, her voice warm and reassuring.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki nodded and followed her down the hallway, her mind still reeling from what had just happened. As they walked, she couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but glance back at Nagano and his friends, who were disappearing around the corner.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mr. Genzo\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s final words echoed in her mind:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Next time, I suggest you stay away from these lackeys. There are better students in your classroom.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki clenched her fists, a flicker of defiance sparking in her chest. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t care what Mr. Genzo thought. Nagano and his friends had been kind to her, and she wasn\u8217\'92t going to abandon them just because they didn\u8217\'92t fit someone else\u8217\'92s idea of \u8220\'93better.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For now, though, all she could do was follow Mrs. Azuki, her heart heavy with the weight of everything that had happened\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and everything that was yet to come.}}