{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green250\blue145;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {The heavy door to the lab swung shut, muffling the chaotic sounds of the firefight. In its place, a tense, echoing silence descended upon the holding pen, broken only by the electric }{\f0\fs24\i1 flicker-buzz}{ of a single, dying fluorescent light that swung gently overhead, casting long, dancing shadows.}
\par\plain {The cages stood empty, their doors hanging open like silent, screaming mouths.}
\par\plain {At opposite ends of the long corridor, Eddie and Walther faced each other. Walther, his face smudged with dirt and a trickle of blood from his temple, stood cloaked in black, the very image of the faceless goons now fighting Professor Hudson. The sight was so wrong, so utterly unbelievable, that for a moment, Eddie's mind refused to accept it.}
\par\plain {Walther broke the silence, his voice laced with a cold, academic disappointment that was far more chilling than any shout. "All that work," he said, casually brushing a speck of dust from his cloak. "All those promising experimental subjects. You just let them walk away, Eddie."}
\par\plain {The clinical, detached words snapped Eddie's shock into raw fury. "They weren't 'subjects,' you sick bastard!" he roared, his voice echoing off the tiled walls. "They were people! Their faces are on the 'Missing' posters all over campus! They're the factory workers who didn't come home, the tourists who vanished! They were people!"}
\par\plain {Walther actually scoffed, a look of genuine pity on his face. "They }{\f0\fs24\i1 were}{ subjects. We only took the unworthy dregs of Edenfield. The university dropouts, the drunks in the alleys, the homeless. People society had already thrown away. We were giving them a purpose."}
\par\plain {"A purpose?" Eddie felt sick. "And what about Madeleine? She was your classmate! Was she 'unworthy' too?"}
\par\plain {For the first time, a flicker of real anger crossed Walther's face. "Madeleine," he scoffed, his voice dripping with contempt, "The princess who refuses to take her father's throne."}
\par\plain {Eddie stared, uncomprehending.}
\par\plain {"You didn't know?" Walther gave a cruel, knowing smile. "You didn't really think her name was 'Daedallia,' did you? Her father is Count Edgar the Third of the Northern Holdings. Her 'rebellion,' her choice to come here and play caretaker to broken animals instead of assuming her duties, was actively preventing the consolidation of Northern influence. She was single-handedly sabotaging 'The Grand Plan' just by breathing." }
\par\plain {Eddie had heard enough. He didn't know what the 'Grand Plan' was, and he didn't care. All he saw was the monster standing in his friend's skin, twisting reason into an excuse for atrocity.}
\par\plain {"You sicken me," he said, his voice dropping to a low, dangerous snarl.}
\par\plain {He didn't wait for a reply. The rage and betrayal inside him ignited. A brilliant, violent green transmutation circle flared to life around his outstretched hand, bathing the grim corridor in its emerald light. There would be no more talk, no more explanations.}
\par\plain {"You're not walking out of here," Eddie vowed, and prepared to fight.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1\cb4\highlight4 -==== BATTLE SCENE HERE =====-}
\par\plain {Eddie basically loses at first, and then at the end he beats up Walther}
\par\plain {-==== Battle Scene Ends ===-}
\par\plain {The metallic serpent dissolved back into lifeless iron bars, clattering to the floor. Walther lay in a heap amidst the debris, clutching his shoulder, his breath coming in ragged gasps. Eddie stood over him, exhausted but victorious, the green glow of his alchemy fading from his hands. The distant sounds of the firefight in the lab were muffled, a world away from the ringing silence in the holding pen.}
\par\plain {He had won.}
\par\plain {A weak chuckle escaped Walther\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lips, bubbling up into a crazed, maniacal laugh that echoed eerily off the empty cages. "You think... you think this changes anything?" he coughed, a wild, feverish light in his eyes. "You can't stop The Grand Plan, Eddie. It's too late! Its foundations were laid decades ago. Nothing... }{\f0\fs24\i1 nothing}{ can stop what's coming!"}
\par\plain {Fueled by his fanaticism, Walther pushed himself up against a cage, a triumphant, unhinged smirk twisting his face. "Armies, Eddie!" he declared, his voice growing stronger, more passionate. "Armies of soldiers, each with the strength of a thousand men! A system that will finally purge the weakness from our society and bring prosperity and glory back to Solivia!"}
\par\plain {He threw his arms wide, his shadow dancing in the flickering light. "No more will we be just another nation! Once more, the Empire of Solivia will rise from its ashes to rule the Archaean Archipelago, from Isgardia to the Eastern Dunes, just as we were always meant to be!"}
\par\plain {As his grand monologue reached its crescendo, he fumbled inside his torn cloak, his movements jerky and desperate. He produced a large syringe filled with a viscous, pulsing purple liquid.}
\par\plain {Before Eddie could react, Walther jammed the needle into his own thigh, ramming the plunger down with a final, triumphant glare.}
\par\plain {The effect was instantaneous and horrific.}
\par\plain {Walther dropped the syringe and let out a deafening, inhuman roar of pure agony. His muscles began to spasm violently, bulging and tearing through the fabric of his black cloak. Veins bulged on his neck and arms, glowing with the same sickly purple light as the liquid. The sickening sound of cracking and elongating bone filled the narrow corridor as his body warped and twisted, his features distorting beyond recognition.}
\par\plain {Eddie stumbled back, his exhaustion vanishing, replaced by a wave of sheer, primal horror. The man he knew was gone. In his place, a hulking, roaring beast was rising, no longer Walther Schroder, but a monster born of his own twisted ambition.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\cf1\cb4\highlight4 -==== Battle Phase 2 ====-}
\par\plain {Eddie got his ass beat bruh}
\par\plain {-==== Battle End ====-}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {The fight was a blur of brutality. The monstrous form of Walther was too fast, too strong. Eddie's alchemy, usually a precise instrument, was like throwing pebbles against a fortress. A single, contemptuous swipe from a clawed hand sent him flying. Before he could recover, a powerful kick connected with his chest, the force of it shattering his hastily formed alchemical shield and sending him crashing backward through a flimsy, rotten wooden door he hadn't even known was there.}
\par\plain {He tumbled down a long flight of stone stairs, his body hitting the sharp edges with jarring, painful thuds, before landing in a heap on a dark, cold stone floor. A deep groan escaped his lips. Pain flared in his ribs, his back, his head. His body refused to move.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 Where am I?}{ he wondered, his vision swimming in the oppressive darkness. The air was cold and smelled of damp earth and decay.}
\par\plain {Heavy, deliberate footsteps\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the clacking of warped claws on stone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 started down the stairs. A moment later, a switch was flipped, and harsh, bare bulbs flickered to life overhead, revealing the full horror of the room.}
\par\plain {It was a basement. And it was full of cages. But the moaning creatures inside were not animals. Their limbs were stitched together, their bodies a horrifying amalgam of human parts and animal anatomy. The sight hit Eddie like a physical blow, throwing him back to that terrifying night on campus. This was the dumping ground for the project's failures.}
\par\plain {A deep, monstrous laugh echoed from the stairs. "Such a shame, Eddie," Walther's distorted voice boomed. "You had so much potential. You would have made a powerful ally for The Cause."}
\par\plain {Walther reached the bottom of the stairs and turned to a large, rusted lever on the wall. With a final, triumphant grin, he yanked it down.}
\par\plain {A blaring alarm sounded, and with a simultaneous, deafening }{\f0\fs24\i1 CLANG}{, the locks on every cage sprang open. The human-chimaera amalgamates spilled out, a shambling, moaning horde of pathetic and terrifying monsters, all turning their vacant, hungry eyes towards him.}
\par\plain {Eddie lay helpless on the floor, his body broken, his energy gone. The creatures closed in, their grotesque forms shuffling slowly, inexorably closer. }{\f0\fs24\i1 So this is how it ends,}{ he thought, a wave of cold despair washing over him. }{\f0\fs24\i1 Forgotten in a basement, torn apart by monsters made by a man I once called a friend.}{ He closed his eyes, accepting his fate.}
\par\plain {Just as the hot breath of the first creature washed over his face, a brilliant, concussive blast of golden light erupted from the top of the stairs. The monstrous form of Walther roared in pain and surprise as the spell slammed into his back. He stumbled forward, lost his footing, and tumbled gracelessly down the flight of stairs, landing in a huge, unmoving heap just feet from Eddie.}
\par\plain {Eddie's eyes snapped open.}
\par\plain {Silhouetted at the top of the stairs stood Madeleine, her face grim and determined, her staff still glowing from the spell she had just unleashed. Behind her stood Professor Hudson, his silver staff radiating immense power, and flanking him were two figures in the gleaming, polished steel of the Paladin Guard. The cavalry had arrived.}
\par\plain {As the chimaeras began to refocus on Eddie, Hudson stepped forward. "Welton, stay down!" he commanded. He raised his staff high, and from it erupted a massive, fiery dragon-like apparition. The fire dragon swooped down into the basement, crashing onto the floor in a circle around Eddie, its body a wall of protective flame that incinerated the closest monsters and drove the rest back with terrifying force.}
\par\plain {While the Paladins charged down the stairs, their own weapons glowing, to engage the remaining chimaeras, Madeleine rushed to Eddie's side. The ceiling above them lit up in strobing flashes of gold and crimson as spells fired, illuminating the grim, desperate scene below.}
\par\plain {She knelt in the dirt beside him, her hand gently touching his cheek. "Eddie? Eddie, can you hear me?"}
\par\plain {He was awake, just barely. His vision was a smear of light and shadow, the sounds of the battle a distant, roaring echo in his ears. He saw Madeleine's face swim into focus above him, her features etched with worry. Then another face appeared beside hers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Will, his usual smirk gone, replaced by raw concern.}
\par\plain {"Come on, mate," Will's voice cut through the haze. "Up you get. Show's over."}
\par\plain {Madeleine and Will hooked their arms under his, lifting him from the cold stone floor. The pain was immense, but it was a distant, secondary sensation. He was numb, floating. They supported him on either side, a human crutch, and began the slow, arduous journey back up the stairs.}
\par\plain {The world was a blur. The sharp, concussive sounds of the firefight were muffled, as if he were underwater. Flashes of light were all he could see of the battle. As they emerged back into the laboratory, the scene had been utterly transformed. The once sterile, hostile room was now a hive of controlled, official activity. Figures in the crisp navy blue of the Edenfield Police moved purposefully. Paladins in gleaming white armour stood guard. Medics in white robes were tending to the freed captives, wrapping them in warm blankets and murmuring words of comfort.}
\par\plain {Through his swimming vision, Eddie saw the faces of the people he had helped free\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 scared, yes, but safe. They were being cared for. They were out. A small, faint smile touched his lips. It was worth it.}
\par\plain {"Eddie? Hey, stay with us." Ashley's voice, sharp and clear, tried to pull him back. She was walking backward in front of them, her eyes locked on his.}
\par\plain {"Just a bit further, Eddie," Madeleine urged, her grip tightening on his arm.}
\par\plain {"Don't you dare pass out on us now, buddy," Will added, his attempt at humour undercut by the strain in his voice. "The paperwork would be a nightmare."}
\par\plain {He tried to respond, to tell them he was okay, but the words wouldn't form. The edges of his vision began to darken, the bright lights of the lab blurring into indistinct, shimmering halos. The voices of his friends grew distant, echoing as if from the end of a long tunnel.}
\par\plain {The last thing he saw was Madeleine's worried face, her mouth moving, before the light, the sound, and the world faded entirely to black.}
\par\plain }