{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 The next few weeks were a chaotic mess of failed attempts and mounting frustration for Haruki. Determined to get Nagano and Honoka together before the end of summer, she threw herself into the role of matchmaker with all the subtlety of an elephant in an orchestra. Unfortunately, her efforts were met with one disaster after another.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki had thought her plan was foolproof. She convinced the PE teacher\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 with a combination of flattery, persistence, and a well-timed offer to clean the equipment shed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 to schedule Class 1A and Class 2A for a joint volleyball session. Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart raced as she watched Nagano and his friends saunter onto the court, their laughter echoing across the gym. This was it. This was her chance.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She quickly paired herself with Honoka, hoping to steer her toward Nagano\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s team. But Honoka, ever the shy and studious type, turned bright red at the mere suggestion of playing with the boys.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I-I can\u8217\'92t!\u8221\'94 Honoka stammered, clutching her volleyball like a lifeline. \u8220\'93What if I mess up? What if they laugh at me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They won\u8217\'92t laugh at you!\u8221\'94 Haruki insisted, her voice a little too loud. \u8220\'93Nagano\u8217\'92s really nice, I promise!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But Honoka was already retreating to the safety of the girls\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 team, leaving Haruki to face Nagano\u8217\'92s team alone. The match ended with Haruki getting hit in the face with the ball\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 twice\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and Nagano teasing her mercilessly about her \u8220\'93unique\u8221\'94 playing style.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Undeterred, Haruki hatched another plan. This time, she convinced Nagano to help her transport a stack of freshly printed papers from the Literature Club\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s print room to the editing department. She had heard Honoka mention something about editing, so surely this would work.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why do I have to carry all these?\u8221\'94 Nagano grumbled, his arms laden with papers as they trudged down the hallway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because you\u8217\'92re strong and reliable,\u8221\'94 Haruki said, flashing him her most convincing smile. \u8220\'93And because I\u8217\'92ll buy you a soda later.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano rolled his eyes but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t complain further. Haruki\u8217\'92s heart raced as they approached the editing department. This was it. Honoka would be there, and they\u8217\'92d strike up a conversation, and everything would fall into place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But when they arrived, the room was empty except for a lone third-year student who looked up from their desk with a bored expression. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, the editing team\u8217\'92s in the other building today,\u8221\'94 they said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re looking for the print department, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s smile froze on her face. \u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85 right. Thanks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Nagano shot her a suspicious look. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you even know where we were going?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I did!\u8221\'94 Haruki lied, her cheeks burning. \u8220\'93I just\u8230\'85 got the buildings mixed up. Let\u8217\'92s go!\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 By the time they found the correct department, Honoka was long gone, and Haruki was out two sodas.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s third attempt was perhaps the most ambitious\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and the most disastrous. She convinced Honoka to join her after school, claiming they were going to \u8220\'93hang out\u8221\'94 with some of the boys from Class 2A. Honoka, though reluctant, agreed\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 mostly because Haruki had promised to help her with a difficult math problem.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you sure this is a good idea?\u8221\'94 Honoka asked nervously as they waited outside the school gates. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t really know these boys\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92ll be fine!\u8221\'94 Haruki said, her voice a little too cheerful. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re really nice. And Nagano\u8217\'92s coming too!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93Nagano?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah!\u8221\'94 Haruki said, grinning. \u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s super cool. You\u8217\'92ll like him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But as the minutes ticked by, it became clear that something was wrong. The boys never showed up. After an hour of waiting, Honoka finally sighed and turned to Haruki. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe they\u8217\'92re not coming. Should we just go home?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart sank. She had been so sure this would work. \u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85 I guess so.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As they walked home, Haruki couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but feel a pang of guilt. Honoka had trusted her, and she had let her down. Again.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki sat at a desk in the Editing Department of the Literature Club, her chin resting heavily on her hand as she doodled aimlessly on a scrap of paper. The room was quiet, save for the soft rustle of pages and the occasional scratch of a pen. Honoka sat a few desks away, her brow furrowed in concentration as she reviewed poem entries for the school\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s annual magazine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s doodles grew more aggressive as her frustration mounted. She had tried everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 every plan, every scheme\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and still, Nagano and Honoka hadn\u8217\'92t so much as exchanged more than a passing greeting. The end of summer was creeping closer, and Haruki could feel the weight of her failure pressing down on her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haruki-chan,\u8221\'94 Honoka\u8217\'92s voice broke through her thoughts, soft and hesitant. \u8220\'93What do you think of this one?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki glanced up to see Honoka holding up two sheets of paper, each covered in neatly written haikus. She sighed, her indifference evident as she pointed to one at random. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka blinked, her expression puzzled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t even read them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does it matter?\u8221\'94 Haruki muttered, slumping back in her chair. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re all the same anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka frowned, setting the papers down and turning to face Haruki fully. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Haruki-chan\u8230\'85 is something wrong? You\u8217\'92ve been acting strange all week.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki hesitated, her gaze dropping to the doodles on her paper. She wanted to tell Honoka everything\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 about the time travel, about her mission, about the fear that she might never go home. But how could she? How could she explain something so unbelievable to someone who wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 couldn\u8217\'92t\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 understand?}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s nothing,\u8221\'94 Haruki said finally, her voice flat. \u8220\'93Just\u8230\'85 tired, I guess.\u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka was silent for a moment, her expression thoughtful. Then, hesitantly, she spoke again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s about Nagano-kun, isn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head snapped up, her eyes wide. \u8220\'93W-what? No! I mean\u8230\'85 it\u8217\'92s not like that!\u8221\'94 she stammered, her face flushing. She didn\u8217\'92t know how to explain that her frustration was about\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 Honoka}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~and Nagano, not herself. The words tangled in her throat, leaving her flustered and unsure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression turned stern, her usual gentle demeanor replaced by something sharper. \u8220\'93If you like him, just say so,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice firm. \u8220\'93Haruki-chan, I\u8217\'92ll step aside for you. You don\u8217\'92t have to hide it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki was taken aback, her mind racing. This wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t what she had intended at all. But as she thought about it, she realized how it must look. She had been spending so much time with Nagano lately, trying to orchestrate moments for him and Honoka, that she hadn\u8217\'92t noticed the whispers and sideways glances from their classmates. In a school where interactions between boys and girls were scrutinized, her efforts had backfired spectacularly. Rumors had spread, and now everyone\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 including Honoka\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 thought Haruki was trying to win Nagano\u8217\'92s affection.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Honoka, it\u8217\'92s not like that,\u8221\'94 Haruki said, her voice desperate. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not interested in Nagano. I was just\u8230\'85 I was trying to help\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0 \~get closer to him.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened, but then her expression hardened. \u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t want your help,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice trembling. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m fine with how things are. I don\u8217\'92t need you meddling in my life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki opened her mouth to argue, to explain herself, but Honoka cut her off. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just stop it,\u8221\'94 she pleaded, her voice cracking. Tears welled up in her eyes, and she quickly turned away, wiping them with her sleeve.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The room fell silent, the weight of Honoka\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words hanging heavily in the air. Haruki watched, her chest tightening as Honoka gathered the submitted haikus and crammed them into her schoolbag. Her movements were quick and jerky, as if she couldn\u8217\'92t get out of the room fast enough.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to sort all of this at home,\u8221\'94 Honoka said, her voice barely above a whisper. She stood up, slinging her bag over her shoulder. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry for acting rudely, Fujiyama-san.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And with that, she slid the door shut behind her, leaving Haruki alone in the empty editing room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki sat there, stunned, her mind reeling. The sound of the door closing echoed in her ears, a final, painful punctuation to the conversation. She slumped forward, resting her forehead on the desk, and let out a long, shaky breath.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\line \line }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0}