{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki walked behind Mrs. Azuki, her footsteps echoing softly in the quiet hallway. The teacher\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s kind demeanor and gentle guidance reminded her of Mrs. Kitagawa, the teacher who had taken her from the Art Club in the present. The memory was bittersweet, a sharp pang of longing cutting through her chest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 She thought about her weekly plein-air sessions with the Art Club, the way the sunlight would filter through the trees as she painted, the laughter and camaraderie of her fellow club members. She thought about her father, standing at the end of that hallway in the present, his stern expression as he told her it was time to leave the club behind. That had been the last day of her life as she knew it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the day her dreams had been taken from her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But now, standing in this strange yet familiar version of her school, it felt like a whole new beginning. Everything was the same, yet different. The walls, the floors, the air\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 it all carried a sense of nostalgia, as if she had stepped into a memory she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know she had.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Azuki stopped in front of a door, her hand resting on the handle. Haruki looked up and saw the sign above it:\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i1 A1}{\f0\fs24\b0 . Her heart skipped a beat. This was her classroom\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 or at least, the 1960s version of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here we are,\u8221\'94 Mrs. Azuki said, her voice warm and reassuring. \u8220\'93This is your classroom, Class 1A. I\u8217\'92ll introduce you to the teacher, and then you can take a seat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Azuki gently opened the door and peeked inside, interrupting the lesson with a soft knock. The teacher\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a tall, stern-looking man with glasses perched on the bridge of his nose\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 paused mid-sentence and turned to the door. Mrs. Azuki whispered something to him, gesturing toward Haruki. The teacher nodded, his expression serious but not unkind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 He turned back to the class, his voice firm and commanding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Class, we will be joined by a new student today. Please welcome her properly.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Mrs. Azuki stepped aside and motioned for Haruki to enter. Haruki took a deep breath, straightened her uniform, and stepped into the classroom. All eyes turned to her, the students sitting upright in their seats, their hands neatly folded on their desks. The atmosphere was formal, almost rigid, a stark contrast to the more relaxed environment she was used to in the present.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The teacher gestured for Haruki to stand at the front of the class. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Introduce yourself,\u8221\'94 he said, his tone leaving no room for hesitation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki swallowed hard, her voice trembling slightly as she spoke. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name is Haruki Fujiyama. I\u8217\'92m\u8230\'85 pleased to meet you all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The class responded in unison, their voices loud and clear. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Welcome, Haruki-san!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The teacher nodded, seemingly satisfied with the introduction. He pointed to an empty seat near the back of the room. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You may take your seat there, Fujiyama.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki bowed slightly, a gesture of respect she had seen in old movies but never practiced herself, and made her way to the desk. The students watched her with polite curiosity, their gazes following her as she walked. She sat down, her hands resting on the wooden desk, and glanced around the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The classroom was smaller than she remembered, the desks arranged in neat, orderly rows. The walls were lined with wooden panels, and the blackboard at the front was framed by brass trim. The air smelled of chalk and polished wood, a far cry from the faint scent of plastic and metal that permeated her school in the present.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As the teacher resumed the lesson, Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind wandered. She thought about Nagano and his friends, about the strict Mr. Genzo, about the strange, surreal world she had found herself in. She didn\u8217\'92t know what the future held, but one thing was clear: she couldn\u8217\'92t go back. Not yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For now, all she could do was take it one step at a time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The current lesson being taught was chemistry. The teacher stood at the front of the room, writing equations on the blackboard with precise, deliberate strokes. Haruki sat at her desk, her notebook open in front of her, but her mind was elsewhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 For the first time since arriving in this strange version of her school, she felt a flicker of normalcy. She was a student, sitting in a classroom, listening to a lesson. It was familiar, almost comforting. But as she glanced around the room, a part of her expected to see her best friends, Aiko and Akihito, sitting nearby, ready to pass her a note or share a joke. Instead, she was met with the faces of strangers\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 students who wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be born for decades in her own time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The realization hit her like a punch to the gut. She sighed, leaning forward and resting her chin in her hand. But before she could sink too deeply into her thoughts, the teacher\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sharp voice cut through the air.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fujiyama,\u8221\'94 he said, his tone firm but not unkind. \u8220\'93Sit properly, please.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki straightened immediately, her cheeks flushing with embarrassment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, sir,\u8221\'94 she murmured, adjusting her posture and folding her hands neatly on her desk. The other students didn\u8217\'92t react, their attention focused on the lesson, but Haruki couldn\u8217\'92t help feeling out of place.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The teacher continued the lesson, his voice steady and authoritative. Haruki tried to focus, but her mind kept wandering. She missed Aiko\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s quick wit and Akihito\u8217\'92s quiet support. She missed the Art Club, the freedom to create, the sense of belonging she had found there. But here, in this time, those things didn\u8217\'92t exist\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 at least, not yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 When the lesson ended, the teacher announced a class assignment. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will work in pairs,\u8221\'94 he said, his tone leaving no room for argument. \u8220\'93Complete the problems on page 42 and submit your answers by the end of the period.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The students began pairing up, their movements quick and efficient. Haruki hesitated, unsure of what to do. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know anyone in the class, and the thought of approaching a stranger made her stomach twist with anxiety.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But then the girl seated next to her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 a quiet, serious-looking student with her hair tied back in a neat braid\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 turned to her and nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can work with me,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice soft but firm.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki blinked, surprised by the offer. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice barely above a whisper.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The girl nodded again, opening her textbook to the assigned page. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t introduce herself at first, simply turning to Haruki and pointing to the problems on the page. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s start with this one,\u8221\'94 she said, her tone matter-of-fact.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki pulled her chair closer to the girl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desk, her heart still racing. She didn\u8217\'92t know what to expect, but for now, she was grateful for the small act of kindness. The girl began explaining the problem, her voice soft but confident. Haruki tried to follow along, but it quickly became clear that she hadn\u8217\'92t fully grasped the lesson.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The girl noticed Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s confusion and paused, her brow furrowing slightly. \u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t understand the lesson, did you?\u8221\'94 she asked, her tone more curious than accusatory.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki flushed, embarrassed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not really,\u8221\'94 she admitted, her voice quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The girl smiled, her expression kind. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s okay. You can just follow my lead.\u8221\'94 She began jotting down the steps to solve the problem, her handwriting neat and precise. Haruki copied her work, her mind still reeling from everything that had happened.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 They sat there in silence for a while, the only sound the scratching of their pens on paper. Then, the girl leaned closer and whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki looked up, surprised. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re Fujiyama, right?\u8221\'94 the girl asked, her voice low so as not to disturb the other students.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you perhaps related to Nagano Fujiyama from 2A?\u8221\'94 the girl asked, her tone casual but curious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki hesitated, her mind racing. How could she explain her connection to Nagano without revealing the truth? Finally, she shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice firm. \u8220\'93We just share the same surname.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh,\u8221\'94 the girl said, a hint of disappointment in her voice. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure there are a lot of people with the name Fujiyama. Sorry, I jumped to conclusions.\u8221\'94 She giggled softly, her cheeks flushing slightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Then, as if realizing something, the girl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93Oh, I\u8217\'92m so sorry! How rude of me\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I haven\u8217\'92t even introduced myself!\u8221\'94 She reached out her hand, her smile warm and genuine. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m Honoka Aoki. Nice to meet you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart skipped a beat. She stared at the girl, her mind struggling to process what she had just heard. \u8220\'93Honoka\u8230\'85 Fuji\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 she started to say, then corrected herself. \u8220\'93Honoka Aoki?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 The girl nodded, her smile widening. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. That\u8217\'92s me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pen stopped mid-stroke, her hand freezing as realization dawned on her. This girl\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 this kind, easygoing girl who had been helping her with the assignment\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 was her mother. Honoka Aoki. The woman who, in the future, would become her strict, traditional mother, always pushing her to conform to societal expectations.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 But here, in this time, she was just a teenager. A student. A girl who giggled and apologized for being rude. A girl who didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t yet know the weight of the future that awaited her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s chest tightened, a mix of emotions swirling inside her\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 shock, sadness, and a strange, aching tenderness. She didn\u8217\'92t know what to say or how to act. All she could do was stare at Honoka, her mind racing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka tilted her head, her expression concerned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you okay? You look like you\u8217\'92ve seen a ghost.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Haruki forced a smile, though her heart was pounding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m fine,\u8221\'94 she said, her voice shaky. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just\u8230\'85 nice to meet you mo\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  I mean, Aoki-san.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 Honoka smiled, her eyes crinkling at the corners. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nice to meet you too, Fujiyama-san.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 As they returned to their work, Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind was a whirlwind of thoughts. She didn\u8217\'92t know how she had ended up here, or why, but one thing was clear: she had been given a chance to see her parents as they truly were\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 not as the stern, distant figures she knew, but as the people they had been before life had shaped them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 And maybe, just maybe, she could change things. For them. For herself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0}