{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {Eddie stepped off the ferry first, tossing a few coins to the ferryman before offering a hand to Torrie. As her boots hit the wooden planks, she immediately turned to take in their surroundings, but Eddie tugged his flat cap lower over his forehead, his gaze flickering warily over the busy dock.}
\par\plain {The air here was different\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 crisper, drier. It lacked the thick, briny scent of Weshaven, replaced instead by the rich aromas of spice crates being unloaded, the earthy tang of dried herbs, and the occasional whiff of parchment and ink from merchants tallying their stock.}
\par\plain {Osthaven was busier in a different way. Where Weshaven had the steady rhythm of fishermen mending nets and gutting the morning\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s catch, Osthaven hummed with the brisk efficiency of trade. Dockhands hauled crates marked with foreign sigils, couriers weaved through carts, and merchants haggled over silk and spices from distant lands.}
\par\plain {Torrie took it all in, wide-eyed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s\u8230\'85 bigger than I thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie forced a smirk. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Told you. Less fish guts, more commerce.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {But even as he spoke, his steps were measured, his shoulders tense beneath his coat. He pulled his flat cap down further, a quiet gesture of habit\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 of avoidance of the last time he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d walked these streets.}
\par\plain {He tried not to think about it. Tried not to wonder if someone in the crowd might recognize him, might turn and whisper. It had been a year, but memories had a way of lingering.}
\par\plain {Torrie, oblivious to his unease, strode ahead, drinking in every detail.}
\par\plain {"Look at that!" she pointed excitedly to a trio of scholars in deep blue robes, their arms laden with books as they argued in hushed, hurried tones. "Are they from the university?"}
\par\plain {"Yeah," Eddie muttered. "Researchers, probably. Aella\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got plenty of them."}
\par\plain {They continued down the road, weaving through colorful stalls and past warehouse workers shouting orders.}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze landed on a small stall by the corner, where the scent of roasted chestnuts drifted through the air. His fingers brushed against the strap of his bag as a familiar memory surfaced.}
\par\plain {"See that?" He nudged Torrie. "Markus and I used to stop there after classes. We\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d split a bag of chestnuts and complain about assignments the whole way home."}
\par\plain {Torrie wrinkled her nose. "You two really bonded over complaining, huh?"}
\par\plain {Eddie smirked. "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s an art form, I tell you."}
\par\plain {But the warmth of nostalgia faded too quickly, replaced by the weight pressing at his ribs. He shouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be here. Not for long.}
\par\plain {As they walked past a faded green awning, his steps faltered.}
\par\plain {"And that place," he pointed, voice quieter now, "was where I used to get supplies for my\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 projects."}
\par\plain {Torrie arched a brow. "What kind of }{\f0\fs24\i1 projects}{?"}
\par\plain {"Alchemy, mostly," Eddie said, exhaling softly. "The owner\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 grumpiest old man you'd ever meet\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 used to grumble about every single request I made, but he never actually turned me away."}
\par\plain {Torrie grinned. "Sounds like he liked you."}
\par\plain {Eddie scoffed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think he just liked my coins.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {The humor felt thin, fleeting. His fingers curled slightly, pressing into his palms. It was strange, being back. The streets hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t changed, but everything }{\f0\fs24\i1 felt}{ different.}
\par\plain {Torrie, still beaming, nudged him lightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve been here a lot, huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie hesitated before nodding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah\u8230\'85 long ago.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 Torrie said, her voice light, \u8220\'93now I\u8217\'92m here too.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie huffed a quiet laugh, shaking his head as if to brush away the past. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Let\u8217\'92s get you to Aella.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look back.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie pedaled through the last stretch of road, the cobbled streets of Osthaven giving way to packed dirt as they left the bustle of town behind. Fields of golden hay swayed gently in the morning breeze, stretching far and wide, their soft rustling the only sound accompanying them now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And then, past the gentle slope of the hill, Aella Academy came into view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It stood just as Eddie remembered\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 tall, sturdy, with its weathered stone walls and a modest courtyard nestled at its center. It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t the grandest school in Solivia, not the kind spoken of in hushed reverence like Edenfield, but around here, it was everything. A place of learning, discipline, and quiet ambition.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie slowed the bike to a stop near the front gate. Torrie hopped off, adjusting her satchel, her eyes gleaming as she took in the sight before her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well,\u8221\'94 she said, turning to him, a wide grin breaking across her face, \u8220\'93I guess this is it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll do fine, Torrie.\u8221\'94 Eddie said, forcing a small smirk. \u8220\'93You better not cause too much trouble.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stuck her tongue out playfully before stepping forward, her pace quickening until she was practically skipping through the front gate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie lingered by the entrance, watching her go. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He saw himself in her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The same eagerness, the same restless energy that had carried him through these very gates years ago. He remembered what it was like, standing on the threshold of something new, looking ahead and seeing only possibility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now, he stood on the other side of it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie let out a quiet breath, gripping the handles a little tighter before shaking his head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go get \u8216\'91em, Torrie.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And with that, he turned the bike around and started pedaling back towards town.}
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {He just had to get back to town, maybe find a quiet corner to sit for a while before catching the ferry home. But as he was about to mount his bike, a voice cut through the crowds of students.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edward!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {He flinched. His fingers tightened around the handlebars. For a second, he considered pretending he hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t heard. Plenty of students had the name Edward, right? It didn\u8217\'92t have to be him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Edward!\u8230\'85 Welton!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie slowed, his stomach knotting. Slowly, hesitantly, he turned his head.}
\par\plain {Near the front gate of Aella Academy, amidst the stream of students hurrying into the school, stood Mr. Ferie. Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s old Alchemy mentor was just as he remembered\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 dark-skinned, balding, his round brass glasses perched on his nose, and an ever-present spark of energy in his step despite his age. The students passing by greeted him with cheerful nods and waves, a testament to how well-liked he was. And then, as he spotted Eddie, his face lit up with recognition, his hoarse but warm voice cutting through the morning air.}
\par\plain {Mr. Ferie strode toward him, clapping a firm hand on his shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hah! I thought that was you! It\u8217\'92s been years! How have you been, my boy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie swallowed, forcing his lips into something that resembled a smile. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh\u8230\'85 yeah. It\u8217\'92s been a while.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mr. Ferie beamed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More than a while! I haven\u8217\'92t seen you since\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 He paused, brow furrowing slightly as he searched for the last memory he had of Eddie. Then, his face brightened again. \u8220\'93Ah, since that competition! You had the judges hanging onto your every word\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Professor Borman from Edenfield even wrote you a recommendation, didn\u8217\'92t he?\u8221\'94 He chuckled, adjusting his brass-rimmed glasses. \u8220\'93So? Did you take the chance? Studying Alchemy at Edenfield, I hope?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie felt something sour coil in his stomach. He gripped the strap of his bag a little tighter.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mr. Ferie chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, I knew it. You always had a mind for it, Edward. All those competitions\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 still remember the time you turned an iron ingot into living vinework? That was a masterpiece! One of the finest young alchemists I ever had the pleasure of mentoring.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie stiffened. He could feel the expectation in Mr. Ferie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice, the unshaken belief in who he used to be.}
\par\plain {His hands felt clammy. The last thing he wanted was to stand here, listening to praise that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t belong to him anymore.}
\par\plain {Mr. Ferie, oblivious to his unease, clapped his hands together. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So! What brings you back to Osthaven? Surely not just a visit?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie shifted his weight. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just dropping someone off.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? A friend?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My\u8230\'85 sister.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mr. Ferie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brows lifted. \u8220\'93Torrie, was it? Following in your footsteps, then! That\u8217\'92s wonderful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie forced a chuckle, but it barely held.}
\par\plain {Mr. Ferie sighed wistfully. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, you know, I always hoped I\u8217\'92d see you again, Edward. You had such promise. I can only imagine the things you\u8217\'92ve accomplished since Edenfield.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Eddie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s throat tightened. He glanced away, fingers gripping the strap of his bag as if it could anchor him. His mind scrambled for an exit.}
\par\plain {Lie. Tell him you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re doing fine. That you\u8217\'92re excelling. That you\u8217\'92re still the student he remembers.}
\par\plain {But the words wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t come.}
\par\plain {\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 uh, I should get going,\u8221\'94 Eddie blurted. \u8220\'93Mum\u8217\'92s expecting me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {Mr. Ferie blinked, surprise flickering across his face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh? Well, I suppose we\u8217\'92ll catch up properly another time\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {But Eddie was already moving, swinging himself onto his bike. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 yeah, of course,\u8221\'94 he called over his shoulder, forcing a smile that didn\u8217\'92t quite reach his eyes.}
\par\plain {And then he was pedaling away, fast enough that the cobbled road rattled beneath his tires. Fast enough that Mr. Ferie\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s voice faded into the morning hum of Aella Academy. Fast enough that he didn\u8217\'92t have to see the warmth in his mentor\u8217\'92s eyes turn into something else\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 realization, maybe, or disappointment.}
\par\plain {He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look back.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie pedaled steadily through the streets of Osthaven, the hum of the town buzzing around him. The salty breeze had thinned, replaced by the scent of fresh bread, spices, and something sweet roasting over an open flame. His stomach reminded him, with a low grumble, that breakfast had been hurried.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He slowed to a stop near a familiar stall, the one that sold honeyed almonds and sesame biscuits. The sight alone pulled him back to old routines\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 grabbing a bag for himself, an extra for Markus. It had been a while, but some habits never quite faded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After paying the vendor, he stepped back toward his bicycle, ready to sling the bag over the handlebars\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 when something caught his eye.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A building stood across the street, its architecture different from the others around it. Age clung to its stone walls, yet the towering columns bore intricate carvings, their shapes unmistakably Elvish. Time had weathered them, but their elegance remained, a relic of a bygone era.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Above the heavy wooden doors, an emblem was set in iron: an owl, perched upon a scroll, wings tucked close. Beneath it, carved into the worn brass plaque, were two simple words.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b1\i0 Sage Institute.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stared, something stirring in his chest. He hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t noticed it before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 maybe he had never cared to look. But now, standing there, it felt like the building was watching him back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eyes tracing the contours of the emblem, }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie lingered a moment longer, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 the owl\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unblinking gaze seeming almost knowing. The Sage Institute. He knew nothing about it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 had never needed to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 but something about it gnawed at the edges of his mind. A curiosity, fleeting yet persistent.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With a breath, he shook it off, tucking the bag of snacks securely inside his satchel before turning back to his bicycle. The world outside his thoughts rushed back in\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the chatter of merchants, the rhythmic clatter of hooves on cobblestones, the occasional call of dockworkers hauling cargo.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He swung a leg over the bike and pushed off, weaving through the streets of Osthaven with practiced ease. The town passed him by in a blur of nostalgia and familiarity, but his mind remained half elsewhere, lingering on the building, on the emblem, on the feeling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The distant chime of a bell tower reminded him of the time. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t in a hurry, but he didn\u8217\'92t want to miss the next ferry back to Weshaven either.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time he reached the harbor, the ferry was already boarding. He rolled his bicycle up the gangway, found a quiet spot near the railing, and exhaled, letting the sea breeze wash over him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back to Weshaven. Back to his routines.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie stepped off the ferry, the lingering scent of salt and fish clinging to his coat as he pedaled back through the familiar streets of Weshaven. The town moved at its usual pace\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 fishermen hauling in their morning catches, merchants calling out their wares, the rhythmic hammering of shipwrights at work. It felt routine, but his thoughts still lingered on Osthaven, on Aella, on the emblem of the owl perched on a scroll.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By the time he reached the apothecary, the comforting scent of herbs and simmering potions greeted him like an old friend. He pushed open the wooden door and stepped into the brewing room, where golden light streamed through the lofty windows, casting long, shifting shadows.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A deep but gentle voice called out from the far end of the room, its warmth filling the space like the heat of a hearth.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Morning, Edward!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus stood hunched over his workstation, his broad frame making the desk seem almost too small for him. His wild curls peeked out from under his cap, and a faint flush colored his round cheeks\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 likely from standing over boiling cauldrons all morning. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was a large presence in every sense, but his movements were measured, careful, and full of practiced ease as he stirred a simmering mixture, his huge hands treating delicate ingredients with surprising gentleness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie smirked and reached into his satchel. "Got you something."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus glanced up, his dark eyes curious as Eddie handed over a small paper bag. A familiar scent wafted from within.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t," Markus breathed, opening the bag to reveal golden-brown roasted chestnuts. His expression flickered between delight and nostalgia.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Stopped by the old stall," Eddie said. "Figured you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d appreciate it."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You really do know how to make a guy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s morning." }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0 Markus chuckled, popping one into his mouth and sighing contentedly. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "So, how\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d it go? With Torrie, I mean."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Good. Aella still looks like Aella." Eddie exhaled, glancing past Markus as if he could still see the academy in the distance. "Nothing much has changed since we were there."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus hummed, a small smile tugging at his lips. "I bet she was buzzing with excitement."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Practically skipping through the gates," Eddie admitted with a chuckle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus laughed, shaking his head. "Yeah, that sounds about right." He rolled up his sleeves, returning his focus to the potion before him. "She\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gonna do great there, you know. Always knew she had it in her."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond immediately, just nodded, watching the steam rise from Markus\u8217\'92s cauldron.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 For a moment, it was like old times.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie had just popped a chestnut into his mouth when Markus spoke, his voice casual but laced with meaning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, by the way\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Mr. Welton wants to see you earlier.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie froze mid-chew. A slow, creeping realization dawned on him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was supposed to hand over the formula today.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damn it\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 I forgot!\u8221\'94 He shot upright, }{\f3\fs24\b0\i0  swallowed hard, nearly choking.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  nearly knocking over a stack of parchment on the counter.}
\par\plain {\f3\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af3\hich\af3\dbch\af3\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, figured.\u8221\'94 }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Markus raised an amused brow, still munching on his snack. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s already up at the tower.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cursing under his breath, Eddie spun on his heel and bolted toward the stairs. His boots thudded against the wooden steps as he rushed to his desk, rummaging through scattered notes, ink-stained pages, and unfinished drafts. Where the hell was it?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He shoved aside a worn-out alchemy textbook, and there it was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 the carefully scribed formula, buried beneath a pile of old scribbles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Snatching it up, he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t waste another second. He turned on his heel and sprinted towards the tower, heart pounding.}}