{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1. Edward "Eddie" Welton, his first ever goal is to find a place where he belongs, }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2. Eddie tries to find a place where he belong. that will be a place called Edenfield University, which resides in the hidden 8th continent of the world. he will be tested in the university of that belonging since he struggled to understand his Alchemy Major due to him from a small working-class family from Dover, England. in which got him into a goofy secret campus society called the Book Pirates. who agrees to get him the book he needed to study Alchemy, but in turn Eddie must steal books from them, which got him in trouble. his last conflict will involve an organisation called The Chimaerans, a secret group in the shadows of Edenfield that does experiments on living people and animals, merging them together to aspire to create the perfect "Chimaera" Eddie's friend called Madeleine was kidnapped by this organisation due to her "Digging too deep" to find a source of these loose Chimaera Experiments that roams in the street and endangering Edenfield civilians The ending will be Eddie and his friends rescuing her }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3. Important Characters: William "Will" Chester : An outgoing midwestern american student studying Bardry, a close friend to Eddie Ashley Mayfair : a rightous australian student studying in Witchcraft, a close friend to Eddie Henry Marais : an older Kenyan student, studying Automaton Engineering Victoria : An Edenfield native student, who during the first few acts of the novel were opposed to Eddie (Think of Malfoy from Harry Potter) but during the ending decides to help Eddie during the raid Walther Schroder : An older Alchemy student, who were a mentor figure for Eddie during his first settlement to Edenfield, but betrayed him and it will be revealed that he is an active contributor to the Chimaerans, actively experimenting with living things Catherine : will only be off-mentioned, Catherine is an Elf and the only close distant relative to Eddie, she agreed to be Eddie's guardian in Edenfield, but due to her busy schedule she is rarely around, she only provide counsel to Eddie by which her lessons he remembers }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 4. Since the ending sequence will be a Heist (As inspired by Mistborn) it will be very tense. but it will end on a hopeful note }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 5. It will be an end to a first book in a series of what i planned to be 7 books. The ending will be of The Chimaeran organisation being reprimanded by the paladins, only to be revealed that it is a part of a much more larger secret dark organisation }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 6. the tone will be down to earth, but very tense. and will be exciting when the actions starts to happen }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whodunnit}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WHY does Walther do what he did?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Need 3 components:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 1. A Detective}
\par\plain {They must be wholly unprepared for what they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re getting into (regardless of their job and/or experience), and they must have a reason for being dragged into this mess}
\par\plain 
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 2. A Secret}
\par\plain {As the detective unravels the clues, and you, the author, continue to turn over the cards, the secret is finally revealed. This secret is why we search for the truth to begin with. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the heart of the Whydunit. It\u8217\'92s not just the who and the why. It\u8217\'92s the what, where, and when, too! It\u8217\'92s what keeps the reader guessing until the very end. The bait that pulls us through the entire story.}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 And you, the author, need to make sure the secret is a good one.}{ }{\f0\fs24\b0 The secret often starts out small but grows as the detective digs deeper into the case and uncovers more clues.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 3. A Dark Turn}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 But as the secret grows deeper, so does the detective\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desire to solve the case, which leads to their\~dark turn, the third ingredient of a Whydunit. The dark turn is the moment when the hero breaks or abandons the rules (either their own or society\u8217\'92s) in pursuit of the secret or the truth.}{ }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {The rules broken can be moral, societal, or personal. The point is to show how this case has affected your detective. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re now doing things they\u8217\'92ve never done before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 going to places they\u8217\'92ve never gone before\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 all in pursuit of this secret. But ultimately it\u8217\'92s almost always that dark turn that leads the hero to the theme that will transform them.}
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0 In the end, the detective, the secret, and the dark turn all serve one inherent purpose: to show us something about the dark side of human nature.}{ }
\par\plain 
\par\plain 
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {A DETECTIVE: whether that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a professional, an amateur, or even the reader! It just needs to be someone with a case on their hands. A case that they are not fully prepared for (whether they realize it or not!). }
\par\plain {A SECRET: the key to unraveling the whole thing. What is inside the last, darkest room of our hunt for the truth? It should illuminate something about the dark side of humanity. Something we didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think was possible before the case began. }
\par\plain {A DARK TURN: the moment when the hero or detective finds themselves so deep into the mystery that their own rules, morals, and/or ethics are compromised. The hero must do something (usually in the second half of the novel) that somehow breaks }{\f0\fs24 t}{he rules or threatens their integrity or even their innocence. These are the harrowing stakes of a good mystery. And the dark turn is why readers care about this particular case. Because the pull of this secret has become so strong, even the straightest arrows are helpless against it.}}