{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Sitka Text;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki, a girl who has conflict with her father due to her want to go to the art school and her father not allowing it. One day got transported to 1950s Japan, where she met the younger version of her parents and learn about them. She must work with them in order to go back to her present time.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki, a girl nearing the end of her highschool was transported into 1950s Japan, she must return before the portal closes and trapping her in the past, in order for her to open the portal, she must get her parents to meet and get together.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_H::1>Ki \~| Spring | introduction, where \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u36215\'3F can mean rouse, wake up, get up <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Opening Image}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  : Haruki is at school, she is doodling and painting with her small painting kit on her table during recess while her friends are eating}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Theme Stated}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  : She talked with her friends about her career plans, she said that she wants to go to Art School, her friends react surprised. Would her parents allow that? Their parents would kill them if they heard about that}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab But one of her friends told her that Haruki was really good at art, she is the best painter at the Art Club, since she was at the same club as her. In fact, if she was really passionate about it, she could talk to her parents about it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab There is a lore drop of a senior in Arts club who were believed to killed themselves over this, there is a huge argument with their parents about the same thing, and the next day, she went missing, she missed her own graduation. Her name is Yaeko Matsuda.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \tab Setup Honoka Present:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab When Haruki arrives home, her mother asked her to talk to her for a second}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Setup Nagano Present: \line \line \tab \tab }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Catalyst }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 : Haruki passed a tree portal kind of thing, only to discover that she arrived at 1950s Japan}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Debate}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  : Haruki felt lost in 1950s Japan}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \tab Break into 2}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::1>Sho \~| Summer | development, where \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u25215\'3F can also mean acquiesce, hear, listen to, be informed, receive <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \tab Fun n Games}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  : A motorcyclist boy found Haruki at the forest when he was hanging out with his motorcycle gang, and decided to help her. There they show her around}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab He and his motorcycle gang hung out at the forest very early in the morning, at Dusk. He then took Haruki, who at that time still wore the Highschool Uniform of his similar highschool, so he mistook her for a student there.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The Motorcyclist and Haruki talks, after some time, she asked his name, he said that his name is Nagano, Nagano Fujiyama\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 She was speechless, this boy is her father. Or future father, in her age.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Haruki then goes to her school, but this time, the school seemed different, some buildings are different}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Nagano then went to his class, Haruki felt alienated, a girl called her, saying that there is an empty seat near her, and so she sat with her and talked}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The Girl said that there is a rumour of a new girl coming, and then she asked whether it was her, she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure, but she goes along with it. The girl introduced herself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Her name is Honoka Aoki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 the girl is her future mother.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 What is going on?}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Fun and games II :}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Explore Honoka}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Fun and Games III : }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Explore Nagano}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe one day, Haruki got a heart to heart talk with Nagano, and she asked about if one day he had a kid, how will he raise that kid. How he felt}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nagano thought the question is weird, but he had known that Haruki is a weird, but eccentric girl, so he entertained the question}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He told her about how much he will sacrifice for her, so she can have a good life, how he don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t mind working a slave-like corporate job so his daughter can live freely, he is sick of how much his own father dictates how he should live. He wouldn\u8217\'92t want that to happen to anyone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Pinch Point 1}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  : She tried to to go back to the portal, trying to jump in it multiple times, doing nose dives and jumps and falling over and over again, she miss her home, she miss her time, she broke down crying.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Midpoint}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  : She met with another Time Traveller, who said that she was a Time Traveller like her, but her portal closes before she could accomplish her task. The Time Traveller said that the Time Warden ocassionally did this and gave them a task to complete before sun down. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab When she wants to go through the portal again, she failed. Someone watches her failure, near the portal tree there is a painter, she was painting with her kit and asking her about it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The Painter asked Haruki to go with her for a coffee nearby. She talked about her about her circumtance, The Painter asked her whether she was a Time Traveller from the 2000s, and Haruki noded, the Painter talked about her past too, saying that she too, was a Time Traveller, she had an argument with her father and then stormed off the house into the portal just like she did. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab But unlike her, she did not accomplish her task by the changing of the season. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Break into 3}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  : She goes back to school.}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::1>Ten | Autumn | }{\f3\fs36\b1\i1 ten}{\f1\fs36\b1\i0 \~(\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u36578\'3F)': twist, where \u36578\'3F can mean revolve, turn around, change <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::0><$Scr_H::2>\tab Bad Guys Close in : It was about evening time, the portal was about to close.<!$Scr_H::2><!$Scr_Ps::0>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab This time, Haruki was going back to school, Autumn is about to end, and so does her portal back, and so she had to act fast, and find a way to get Nagano and Honoka together.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Pinch Point 2}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  : Haruki trues to hook up Honoka and Nagano using conventional means and the methods advised by Matsuda }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 All is Lost}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  : Haruki discovers that Nagano didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel the same way towards Honoka, and even worse. Honoka thought that her gesture of trying to hook them both as Haruki trying to get close to Nagano, in which made Honoka dislike Haruki}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Darkest Night}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  : There at night she sat on the porch}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Haruki looking depressed before Matsuda came in.\line \line \tab \tab There Haruki said that Nagano didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel the same way towards Honoka, and she might be doomed to be stuck at this time forever}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Matsuda jokingly said that there is nothing wrong with that, she just have to adjust accordingly}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab But Haruki is determined to go back}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab There Matsuda asked Haruki what does Nagano curently loves}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Haruki said that he loves music,}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then introduce her through music.\u8221\'94\line \line \tab \tab -o-\line \line \tab \tab Haruki then made a plan to get Nagano on the stage at the end of Summer, this is her only chance, if she fails, there is no going back}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Haruki then proposes the idea to Nagano, in which he excitedly agreed, but they needed a Lyricist. That is where Honoka came in.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab For several weeks, Haruki, Honoka and Nagano huddled in the storage room that would be the Arts Club room, making ideas for Lyrics. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab After some time, Haruki notices that Nagano and Honoka began going to the storage room a lot, even without her, even making excuses so they can be alone just both of them}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The Summer Festival, it was the end of Summer, \line \line \tab \tab Nagano had brought together some of his friends to play together with him, some from the band club.\line \line \tab \tab The Summer Festival Concert featuring Nagano}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Gathering the team:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They all prepared themselves}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Executing the plan:\line \tab The performance}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 High tower surprise:\line \tab Haruki lost sight of Honoka and Nagano, Haruki now frantically looking for them, plotting since its her last chance before the door closes completely\line \line \tab Haruki found Honoka and Nagano talking in an empty classroom, at first she wants to interfere for them to get on with it}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But then what Haruki have to do is just to observe, they talked about their dream, about their passion of their hobby, and then\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85 they kissed. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They hung out in Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cabin and talked, they took a photo of them three. they talked about their parents, and Haruki about hers}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then Haruki said, asking her parents to be kind to her in the future.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki went home and opened the door, it clicks.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The three of them hanging out in Haruki\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cabin, they had a deep conversation}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab In which at the end, as they prepared to get out, walking as Nagano and Honoka walks hand-in-hand, Haruki revealed that she is their daughter}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \tab Break into 3}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  : She returns home}
\par\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sb260\sl262\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs36\b1\i0 <$Scr_Ps::1><$Scr_H::1>Ketsu | Winter | }{\f3\fs36\b1\i1 ketsu}{\f1\fs36\b1\i0 \~(\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u32080\'3F)': conclusion, though \u32080\'3F can also mean result, consequence, outcome, effect, coming to fruition, bearing fruit, etc. <!$Scr_H::1><!$Scr_Ps::1>}
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Haruki finally opened the portal}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She must bid her farewell to both of her younger parents}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  She is at the forest again, silent. The trees behind her is just a circular shaped tree, she opened her phone. There are receptions, she is back. She looked up at the sky, it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s morning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Finale}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  : She confronted her father, this time, more confidently. Declaring that she wanted to persue Art School, this time, she convinced him empathetically rather than aggresively, that she can, in fact. Make it in Art school. Her father relented, finally agreeing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs24\b1\i0 Return with the Elixir}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  : She gave him an artefact she got back when she was back in time, he looked at it. Seeing that he had something similar}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 End}}