{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaText;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SitkaTextItalic;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 SegoeUI-Italic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The stairs groaned softly, their creaks reverberating in the stillness of the apothecary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton carefully mounted the steps. An attic was reached by a narrow wooden staircase. The polished railings sparkled under her fingertips. A small, circular window at the landing let soft light cast long shadows that danced with her every step.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With each step, the town below faded into a whisper of bustling life. Replaced by the second floor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s oppressive stillness. As she rose, her free hand gently caressed the coarse wooden walls. She touched the rough spots and gouges, scars from her son's growing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As she approached the attic door, a moment of hesitation gripped her. Pausing for a brief moment, she lifted her hand with a touch of uncertainty. The wood stood strong, though it bore the marks of time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton closed her eyes, inhaled deeply, and then rapped softly with her knuckles, the sound a delicate, almost timid knock against the quietude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Edward?\u8221\'94 she whispered into the quiet, her voice barely breaking the stillness of the attic. She leaned in.. The other side lingered in their silence. Her brow knitted together, a delicate line appearing between her eyes. She cast a fleeting look at the door handle, an urge to twist it, yet she held back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Instead, she knocked again, this time with a deeper intent, the sound echoing more profoundly through the room beyond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Silence. Thick and unmoving. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Beyond the attic door, the room lay in comfortable chaos. The space was dim, save for the slivers of morning light through his curtains. casting long, golden beams across the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Clothes strewn carelessly across the floor, some draped over the back of a chair, some half-tucked under the bed, some long forgotten. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Books were }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 everywhere. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 stacked haphazardly on the desk, toppled over on the nightstand, spread open on the unmade bed as if abandoned mid-thought. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Loose parchment spilled onto the wooden floor, some pages crumpled, others torn at the edges. Half-sketched transmutation circles and scribbled formulas peeked out from beneath the clutter, most of them bore the chaotic scribbling of frustation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Its walls bore remnants of faded posters. Some curling at the edges, one hanging on by a single pin. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A calendar sat pinned to the wall near the door, its pages frozen in time.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The last date marked in red ink from seven years ago.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 26th of April, 1920.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Near the farthest wall, a wooden desk was buried beneath the weight of research. Transmutation circles sketched and then discarded overflowed from a bin at the desk\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s side. Diagrams detailing herbs, plants and mushrooms. Their alchemical properties meticulously annotated in a careful yet restless hand. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Stacked books, their spines cracked from repeated use, bore names in gilded lettering\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 , }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Modern Alchemy}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  by Magnus Borman, and a vintage tome }{\f1\fs22\b0\i1 The Ancient Arts of Alchemy}{\f2\fs20\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 signed only }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Catherine}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Amid the scholarly collection sat a battered notebook filled with translations of an even older text, one written by }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Casnius Bolos}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , one of the nine sages of enlightenment. The Father of Alchemy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And slumped over it all, was the room\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s lone occupant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His maroon diamond-patterned sweater hung loosely over his slumped shoulders, its sleeves pushed up to his elbows. His silver hair fell messily over his forehead, unkempt from restless nights. His posture was hunched, arms folded beneath his head, his breathing slow and steady in slumber.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In his ears, a pair of makeshift headphones\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 wired together in an unorthodox fashion\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 hummed faintly with a distant, crackling signal. Plugged into an even more makeshift radio, the device played something indiscernible, some half-lost frequency from far beyond Weshaven. Whether it was music or the muffled voices of a broadcast, only he could tell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The knocking at the door continued. A soft, measured rhythm, persistent against the wood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still, he did not stir. Succumbing to his sleep and the sounds from distant lands.}
\par\pard\plain \qc\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -o-}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ql\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She knocked again\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 more resolutely, as if the sound itself could unravel the silence that enveloped the room. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Eddie?\u8221\'94 She called, yet no answer. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton sighed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course, I knew it\u8217\'92ll come to this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Slipping her hand into her skirt pocket and touching her wand's smooth wooden surface. With a slight wrist movement, the wand appeared. A thin piece of dark oak with intricate interlocking ornaments. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She pointed it at the door's lock, and a gentle click rattled the quiet attic, flickering the runes around the lock before dissolving into the shadows. She tucked her wand away and gently opened the door. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The room was full of clutter.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gaze swept the room, her eyebrows lifting slightly as she took in the disarray.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course,\u8221\'94 she muttered under her breath, stepping carefully over a crumpled tunic on the floor. \u8220\'93A storm couldn\u8217\'92t have done a better job.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She stared at the figure slumped on the desk, immovable except for his breathing breathing. Crackling of faint jazz music could be heard from the makeshift headset on the radio.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Edward Welton!\~}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she yelled, her tone sharp but laced with exasperated fondness. }
\par\pard\plain \sa180\sb180\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The name cut through the attic like a thunderclap.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie jolted awake so violently that his chair tipped backward. His arms flailed, his headset yanked free with a sharp crackle of static, and the makeshift radio tumbled off the desk with a clatter. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Books, parchments, loose papers exploded into the air, cascading down like confetti in a parade of overwork. His foot caught on something\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 maybe a discarded tunic, maybe an open book\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 and he tumbled off his chair entirely, landing flat on his back with a heavy }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 thud}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From the floor, he let out a groggy, half-incoherent groan. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mum\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 what the hell?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton, unimpressed, loomed over him with her hands on her hips. "You agreed weeks ago to accompany Torrie on her first day of school! I'm not letting her get lost in Osthaven while you spend all morning hibernating like some bear in a cave!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She crossed the room with purpose, the floorboards thumping beneath her feet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie sat up, rubbing his silver hair, still blinking off the remnants of sleep. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Could you at least }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 knock}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  first?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he grumbled.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 did}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  knock!" Mrs. Welton shot back, pointing at the unlocked door. "But you were too busy listening to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 she gestured vaguely at the tangled mess of wires, the radio now buzzing with distorted, half-drowned static. \u8220\'93\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 whatever }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie picked up his fallen headset, giving the radio a once-over before dusting it off. "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 It's called jazz}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , Mum," he said, as if that explained everything. "They're pretty famous in the city, you know?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Like I care about }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 that}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , Edward!" Mrs. Welton huffed. "Now }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 get up}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  before Torrie is late for her first day at Aella!"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eddie groaned, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Aella}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?" he muttered, his voice still thick with sleep. "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Torrie\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  in Aella now?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton pinched the bridge of her nose. "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 She is.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Did you forget that }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 too}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?"}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "Look, Mum," Eddie pushed himself up, wincing as he untangled his legs from a mess of books and crumpled clothes. "It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 difficult}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to keep track of things when Dad\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s remedies need tweaking every two days." He stretched, his back popping as he tried to shake off the last bits of sleep. "}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Can I clean up a bit before we go?}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mrs. Welton bent down with a sigh, picking up the books and papers that had scattered across the floor. Unlike Eddie, who left things in precarious heaps, she stacked them neatly, smoothing out crumpled pages before placing them back onto his desk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "You should at least }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 try}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to keep things organized," she scolded, adjusting a pile of alchemy notes. "Honestly, Edward, I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how you can work like this."}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 "I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 do}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  work like this," Eddie shot back as he pulled a fresh shirt from a chair\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 though it was debatable how }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 fresh}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it actually was. He gave it a quick sniff before pulling it on. "I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been busy experimenting with potion ingredients for the apothecary. It\u8217\'92s not like I\u8217\'92m just }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 lounging}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  around."}}